['\n1. The Battery lasts max of 6 hours.2. Major application not working in the upper side of the screen.3. Camera quality is very poor.4. Audio output through earphone is very poor, same earphone works with other phone is excellent.5. While in a call unable to drop down the notification window.6. Video quality is very poor compared to other less price phones.I have applied for replacement, not going to take any replacement for such a worst product.\n', "\nOnePlus 6T turned out to be an utter disappointment for me. I received a faulty device and when tried getting support frocam OnePlus I received disappointment only. Even after 6 calls, several mails and a visit to the service centre I got no solution as such. The cherry on top of all this was lie by the people at service centre. He couldn't connect my device to the laptop for software update and told me he updated the device. I could see that my email id was still there. How's it even possible if the software was updated after hard reset?My device has battery drain and heating issues along with apps crashing.It's not just OnePlus but Amazon too didn't help me either. They couldn't even connect a call to the technical support department.I feel cheated and betrayed by both OnePlus and Amazon.\n", '\nOnly one side of speakers is working. Right side is not working\n', '\nGot delivered in just 2.5 hours of my order. No bad overservations yet. Fingerprint unlock is also good, if you have face unlock ON then all the time it will unlock with face data before the the fingerprint works.\n', '\nI bought onepluse6t product on 1st Nov and today my phone cameras are not working . Please consider my experience with OnePlus before you buying this product.\n', '\nCamera pics are not having good quality. Pixel is not clear\n', "\n1. Selfie CameraThe Selfie Camera wont be able to take surrounding near you as compare to Honor, Samsung and others. You have to  use Selfie stick for a good selfie.2. Main Camerafocus is not good. Even Honor, Asus, Samsung mobile's main camera capture larger area.3. No Notification Light.Honor Asus provides notification light near calling speakers. That is missing there4. In text messaging, Prediction of words by 'typing style' or 'past chats' doesnt work here. Samsung key board is best in this matter.5. cant make founders of same kind of apps in the menu.6. Dont have personal calendar, you have to use only google calendar7. finger print work well for the 1st saved finger prints, if you add another finger prints that will take time to open the cell.8. Heavy Mobile Set9. There are many hand sets that provide finger print lock, 4000 mAh battery and hands free port. So stop saying that because of space constraint (3700 mAh Battery and finger print lock) hands free port couldnt be provided.I found only one thing best in this cell...SALE PROMOTION. MarketingThis is the first and last OnePlus mobile that I have ever bought.\n", '\nBattery is good. Camera is awesome. Speaker is loud and clear. Face unlock is good than expected. It would have been better if face unlock works in low light. Slow motion is awesome. Night mode is good. Could be better too. But night mode is not necessary as this phone has awesome flash... 1x zoom is good. Display is perfect. Smooth performance. No hearing issues at all.. it goes from 10 to 100 % charge in 1hour...\n', "\nI pre-ordered the phone on 9th Oct and literally waited for more than a month for this phone. It was worth waiting.Phone looks similar to one plus 6 however the technology you get in this phone is updated and is latest. The notch looks beautiful compared to other waterdrop notch phones. I'm not an audiphile so can't complain much about the removal of headphone jack. I'm pretty comfortable with wireless earphones. The OS is something which needs to be considered the most on a phone, which most of the people ignore. I migrated from a Sony phone and see a huge difference in the usage, the OS is smooth as butter and is calibrated for daily driver. You can perform many tasks at a snap of your fingers and never experience a lag on the phone. Camera is good, clicks are clear. Portrait and night mode are very useful and handy. Slow motion works well. Battery life is comparably good, you get around 6 hrs of SOT from a full charge. I feel that's more than enough for a daily driver and works well for gamers. Charging is pretty fast you can charge the phone from 0 to 100 in 1 hr 20min.I feel it's worth paying 40k for a premium phone like this, which offers good support for your OS and provides Android updates for 2 yrs. Rather than spending 25k+ for plastic and non premium phones. BTW this comes with no bloatware and is completely based on stock OS which contains a lot of tweaks and customizatios. That's the best part of the phone.Go for it if you don't want to compromise !!\n", '\nWorst product i ordered on 1st november 2018 at 00.01 hours i got the product but only ised 1 day and now the phone is not charging and the phone is dead.Dint expect such a baaaaaaddd  product.I always used one plus but from now onwardd no one plus\n', '\nFeatured here is the phone with the official Oneplus nylon bumper case. Sample evening picture shot during dusk. This device is clearly ahead of its pack for the hardware and features provided in this price range. Since everyone is well aware of the specs I\'ll just provide my experience while using this device.1. Sharp well balanced pictures during daytime and nightscape mode does a decent effort to reduce graininess and camera shake while taking night shots with low ISO settings. Still room for improvement though.2. As for sound quality I never use phone speakers while listening to music and prefer my Bluetooth headphones as I hate wires. I\'m glad headphone jack is absent. One less vestigial organ to worry about as we move forward. Thank you oneplus. Call clarity is good as expected.3. Marriage of bloatfree oxygen os alongwith snapdragon 845 makes this phone a pure joy to use. Fast snappy and responsive! In screen fingerprint sensor though takes more time to unlock than the physical one at the back earlier, but this has been hid well by the animations provided.4. Battery life is excellent and I\'m using dark theme which further reduces battery consumption. Gives me more than one day of usage without playing any games.5. Body has been exquisitely crafted and with the gorilla 6 screen and teardrop notch this is one of  the best displays you can get at present. I would have still preferred a metal unibody instead of the glass back though.All in all I would say you\'d feel proud and satisfied to own this device. If you can shell out the extra dough go for the 8 gb versions. Thumbs up to Oneplus for another great product and for not "settling" !\n', "\nPositives:Looks goodBig, vibrant screenAll-day battery lifeExcellent, up-to-date softwareNegatives:Disappointing low-light camera qualityAwkward and slow fingerprint sensorNo IP rating, wireless charging, or 3.5\xa0mm jackFor all the new features of the OnePlus 6T, there are some significant losses. Sure, water drop notches are now in fashion, and the in-screen fingerprint sensor is great for showing off, but neither of them necessarily represent any improvement over the functionality, usability, or power of the OnePlus 6. The OnePlus 6T is good at what it does, but it isn't a clear-cut upgrade - not that one was even needed. If the OnePlus 6 continued to be available, we would likely recommend it over the newer model.\n", "\nLet's first talk about the picture quality of OnePlus 6t ...The night mode of OnePlus 6t is a really awesome featureThe picture does not blur or crack when we zoom to take a picture I like the mostSound quality of OnePlus 6t is also really good and about battery lifeIt's just awesome actually I have charged it only one time from 2days.. for frequent user it can long for two and half day easily.. the battery of OnePlus 6t get fully charged only in 1hr 15-20 minute by the provided amazing dash charger\n", '\nBest phone ever, superb speed, in display fingerprint is the best 😘\n', '\nI got 8GB * 128GB version. The review it in a word, it\'s a beast. CNET mentioned it as "Hero phone without sky high Price". It\'s true. At this price range it\'s a great value for money.  OnePlusen launching amazing phone\'s and this is the latest of the greats. No bloatware at all, nothing pre-installed except few handy OnePlus apps for file transfer and a forum, Definitely enhances the Pure Android OS.Games are running at ultra or high. Haven\'t hanged at all with lot of apps running, gaming is smooth and this one has a RAM optimiser for the purpose, its my 1st time with SD 845, best fit into this. Good picture clarity too, nearly 2k.Camera is great, especially the portrait mode. Selfies are neat. Though the 2nd lens purpose is limited, reading from most reviews.Amazing UI, appreciation is heartfelt.The build is bri
lliant and sleek. Comfortable to put it in pant pockets and can be handled with one hand though I won\'t necessarily do that 😄. Notch is unobtrusive and looks cool, and hiding option available. Night mode is a good thought. I don\'t have to download an extra app. (My 1st time with an OnePlus and I\'m happy about the handy features it comes with, if some features I\'m mentioning is already there leave it). In-display FP sensor is faster. I don\'t have compulsion for it to open in 0.0003 seconds like it has been stressed in the YouTube reviews, it\'s faster than fast-enough.Battery life is awesome, 3.7k mah. It\'s like it has a compulsion to stay on. Not at all draining at any point.Sound quality is great too, though stereo could have been better. It\'s like I\'m hearing everything from right or left side, on landscape mode. Anyways I\'m either going to use an external speaker or a headset, so no probs.Pricing is great, definitely not overpriced. Phone with this specs are being sold at 10k higher prices or of lower quality of experience, by others, and this phone is built with Users in mind, I can confidently say that, it has many handy utilities.Only problem is something that is not with the phone, actually 2 , a bit overpriced official protective bumper case, and no preferential tempered glass or information about if we need it at all. I got the phone on 2nd November, I still have that out of the box screen cover & case. I couldn\'t find reliable tempered glass, the Amazon recommended are not fitting the phone screen, and their choice have changed twice in 3 days 😄 . So I\'ve ordered 3 of them 😁 let\'s see which will fit, I\'ll return the other 2.The protective bumper case is 2k, though it\'s official it can easily be priced 500rs below (don\'t say, you can buy the 1.2k priced one right? Both are a bit overpriced. You are great at what you do, you don\'t have to take pricing decisions like other phonemakers, your flagship is an example for that) And also to OnePlus guys, so many fake reviews in this area. You have to intervene, your product\'s accessories are being spammed by fake-reviewed Tglass sellers. Better you soon release your own tempered glass. Got the promo code and getting the bullets headphone in a day\'s time. A small help from a beneficiary. Keep up the good work OnePlus.\n', '\nI have been using this phone for the past 18 months without any major issues.Pros:  1.  Like all OnePlus phones, one can depend on it.  2.  Camera quality is good, especially with depth coverage.  3.  Fast processor makes quick work of all activities and I also use this for games that use increased RAM without any hitches.Cons: 1. Battery life is decreased by as much as 50% when hotspot is on, especially, if one is traveling.  2. Some OnePlus Oxygen OS updates messes with the display or the settings but overall, they are okay since they fix the issues as fast as they can.  3.  Cannot use a regular headphone / earphone since this phone only has a type C jack for audio.  Luckily, this phone comes with this jack.  4.  Always buy the latest phones from OnePlus ( usually released in October- November).  I bought this at 28,000.  Just 2 months after I had bought these, the 7T phone was release, which had significant premium changes.  As a buyer, you would mostly desire the latest versions from OnePlus.All in all, a good solid buy.  Thanks OnePlus and Amazon for making me a OnePlus believer and kudos to the teams behind these wonderful products!\n', '\nBrought it on 3rd Nov. Attached is the list of issue- GPS turn on automatically- Bluetooth turn on Automatically- Chrome hangs very now and then- Screen Cast does not work / takes ages to connect- InScreen fingerprint scanner is worstOnline support could not solve the problem , and ask to visit service centerBeing the premium brand they have only 3 service center (???)  in city like bangalore . One visit to MG Road will cost me whole day of my time. Just thinking again was it a good choice at all ???\n', "\ni had purchased this one plus 6t at the very first day of its launch at rs 41999. which is considered as a good price for a over mid range smart phone. usually any other company wont make its flagships so cheep within 6 mounts of its launch like one plus did. One plus not only didn't discontinued the model by launch of new smart phone line up but launched a much better new gen smart phone one plus 7 with a price of 32999. it means next gen smart phone with 9 thousand lesser than previous generation now my smartphone worth value of Rs 10000/- in resale market.Dear one plus this type of strategies wont make u a premium smartphone brand, it makes you cheep smartphone brand.\n", '\nI have used two days and phone is good with speed and multi tasking but camera is worst, it did not meet even a normal 10000 rupees phone camera feature. I am planning to sell it out in OLX. Oneplus should stop increasing the phone size, since phone is slippery in the hand with 6.41 inches, always 6 or less than 6 inches phones are good to carry and handy.\n', '\nA big fan of oneplus. This is so far the best from oneplus. The stock android and with oxygen OS makes your phone experience as smooth as it can ever be. The camera is very decent. The nightscape mode is okay, i miss the pro mode that was better but its okay. For gaming purposes this phone is a monster. Pubg or asphalt there is no lag. You will forget what does the word hanging means. The face unlock is super accurate even works in night.Just buy it. Battery lasts all most 2 days.\n', "\nPros:1. Build quality fells premium.2. Operating speed is awesome. Never felt any lag.3. Software experience is nice and clean. No unnecessary pre installed apps.4. Dash charge is nice to have feature at the time you in hurrry.5. For heavy user battery last for all day and for normal to less users it last for two days without charge.6. Front camera face unlock is the best of OnePlus in market. It unlocks within a couple of millisecond and take you to home screen without you swiping up.7. Every game released till date is working fine. It also have gaming mode which let you enjoy game and keeps notifications silent for that particular period of time.8. Alert slider is good feature to have.9. Volume keys and power button are positioned at the perfect place. Also they give nice touch and clicky feel when you press it.Cons:1. As per phone quality, camera is not performing up to the mark. In day light it took great pictures but in low light not a good performer. In this price we are expecting a better camera. It gets the work done but not an excellent performer as the other phone features are.2. Tear drop notch is irritating but in setting you can blackout the complete upper part which makes it okay.3. On screen fringer print unlock works only 3 out of 5 times. Also in night when you unlock it with finger print scanner, it brightens the screen to full which is unpleasant to eyes.Overall if you don't care much about camera and all you want is performance then go for it.\n", '\n-Battery is just awesome. Never imagined a 10+ hours screen time from a phone with such large screen.-Face unlock feature is very fast and works like magic. Fingerprint reader is a bit slow though and takes approx 1 second.-UI is user friendly and smooth. Though I love stock Andoid but this UI is the closest to the stock interface, among all modified UIs. And it doesn\'t have unnecessary blotwares as well.-Camera looks a bit dull in less/low light but gives great photos in proper lighting conditions. Depth effect is a bit off though and needs improvement.- Gaming is fantastic on this phone. Neither phone lags nor heats while playing heavy games like PUBG or Sniper Fury.- Sound quality is loud and clear. It has single bottom firing speaker but still manages to give excellent sound output.- I like compact size phones and I thought a lot about its big size before purchasing it. But it has been designed so perfectly that it doesn\'t feel like a 6+" phone in hand.I have to reduce one star for FingerPrint scanner and Image stabilization. Perhaps Oneplus needs to work more on these two things.But overall it\'s a good phone and justifies each penny of its price.Happy Purchasing!!\n', '\nThe phone is really good,I bought this phone for gaming and i was satisfied with its performance camera quality is good but not great but i dont care because i am not photographer battery is mind blowing and i love the dash charger display is great easily visible in sun light and the auto brightness works really good the ram management is really great the oxygen os is really a great skin but the in display fingerprint doesnt work well but the face unlock works really good in darkness it uses display as fashlight to unlock\n', '\nPhone is good and phone sound was very good but battery is very bad  I am not satisfied this phone\n', "\nAwesome Flagship Killer. Happy that I got OnePlus 6T although was initially confused between this and OnePlus 7 Pro - for high-end specs (but I would carry a DSLR camera instead!), Samsung Galaxy M20 - for non-chinese value for money device with a Radio & low SAR value (radiation), iPhone 6s/7/8/XR - for great hardware and to replace my old iPhone, and Blackberry Key2 - for its looks, hardware, security.Pros - Value for money, good specs, nice hardware and everything one needs in a phone - excluding the radio (for someone like me who heavily relies on listening to radio news daily on the go). As compared to my Redmi Note 5, this has much better mobile network and call clarity.Misc. - I was unsure where this seller is from - it's Hyderabad, with Corporate office at B'lore. The product is assembled in India. It's water resistant, not waterproof. Face unlock option is also there.Cons - Nothing so far. I do not care for having a finger print reader.Go for it! I give the product, seller and Amazon delivery by APT Logistics full marks. 👍Update: Working fine even after a year. Excellent. Although its Chinese.\n", "\nI have upgraded from Redmi 5 which has 4000 MAh battery and 1+ 6T has 3700.But latter lasts way longer than Redmi Note 5.Display is not as bright as Samsung Mid Rangers also but that might be contributing to longer battery life . onscreenFingerprint reader is poor however Face Unlcok is blazing fast and works every time.Camera is good however expectations were high. Night shot can be tricky if your subject has any movement etc. Picture won't come clear.Only disappointing factor is that as soon as I bought this One plus announce OnePlus 7 which was cheaper than this model.The edges on front side of free back cover is unique and protects your screen .Overall good buy.\n", '\nI switched my One Plus 2 to One Plus 6T after 3 long years. I got the phone by today.-Amazing Camera even in low light conditions.-DASH Charger an absolute beast. Take 1hr to charge form 10 to 90%-Battery Backup is good. 6.5 hrs in average usage.Played PUBG for 30 minutes and battery reduced from 100% to 89%. Impressive.-Display Is Really nice. Blacks are darker and yeah that notch.-In Display finger print scanner is fast. You have a choice to set between 3 animations.-3.5 to USB Type-C adapter included in the box.-Black smoke silicon case included.-Protective screen pre installed.Oh wait , The Oxygen OS. Amazing gestures , great feel and very fast.Good buy. 100% recommend.#NeverSettle.\n', '\nFor the cost , this is one value for money product. It is feature rich and perfect for a person like me. Am an avid foodie and traveller. This is a perfect phone to capture what I want whenever I want . And with amazing clarity. Also amazing speed . I became a fan with OnePlus 3 and this one has be convinced that this is one of the best smart phone options out there.\n', "\nI waited for the Asus Zenfone Max Pro M2 over 1 month & i was sad the product was out of stock even not available on retailers , Getting a Onepluse 6T was pretty hard decision for me cause i made my mind that i wont invest on mobile phones over 15k but cause of my emergency i changed my decision & brought this phone for amazon special offer just for 28000 rs . My first concern was the battery life first i was an iphone user then i changed to Android & from past few years i was using Asus Zenfones cause of its massive 5000MAH battery back up but Onepluse6T'd  3700+ battery amazed me in battery save mode ( don't worry in this mode you will see the display and all functions better than any other smartphones on market ) it last over 48 hours with heavy use still remaining 15% back up & the other thing which i loved is its 12bit RAW Stills capability of course you have to download google camera from website to get best pictures & video (RAW Stills & H.265 Video) ( unfortunately its not available on App store ) you will not get a DSLR or mirrorless type quality cause of the tiny sensor size & non interchangeable lens remember its a mobile phone only but still you get better results in RAW mode , if you are good in Photoshop or Lightroom then this function will definitely entertain you perhaps cause of all of these functions the company itself calls it a MEDIA MECHINE  !\n", "\nVery wrost product from one plus..my first experience with Amazon is very bad.ring volume is mute can't rise volume and one speaker is not working...\n", "\nI was using iOS from like 8 years or so. Never thought of switching to an Android but the recent astonishing price hike from Apple made me switch. You just can't spend 1 lac for a mobile phone in this era where people are struggling for a month to get 25-30k salaries.Using this Oneplus 6T from a month now. Never faced any issue with it. Battery can easily last for a day if you don't play a lot of games. Camera quality is great, especially in night. The best thing I like about this is its oled screen. It's just too good. Faceunlock and fingerprint unlock works pretty good as well.No issues whatsoever with the phone. Oxygen OS would take a few days to get used to if you're coming from iOS but you won't miss iOS after few days. I paid 31,350rs for this and is completely worth every penny.Thanks for reading. :)\n", '\nlove it or hate it, the OnePlus 6T design and hardware are a product of the market realities and trends in 2018. It\'s no longer the brand you turn to for a breath of fresh air and just on the opposite, you get what everyone else is serving.Body: 157.5 x 74.8 x 8.2 mm, 185 g. Aluminum frame, glass back, 2.5D Gorilla Glass 6 display glass. Mirror Black, Midnight Black schemes.Display: 6.41" Optic AMOLED, 2,340x1,080px resolution, 19.5:9 aspect ratio 402ppi; sRGB/DCI-P3 color space support.Rear cameras: Main camera: Sony IMX 519 1/2.6" sensor, 16MP, 1.22µm pixel size, f/1.7 aperture, phase detection autofocus, OIS, EIS. Secondary camera: Sony IMX376K sensor, 20MP, 1.0µm pixel size, f/1.7 aperture. 2160p/60fps video recording, 1080p/240fps or 720p/480fps slow motionFront camera: Sony IMX 371 sensor, 16MP, 1.0µm pixel size, f/2.0 aperture; EIS; 1080p/30fps video recording.OS/Software: Android 9 Pie; OxygenOS custom overlay.Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 845: octa-core CPU (4x2.7 GHz Kryo 385 Gold & 4x1.7 GHz Kryo 385 Silver), Adreno 630 GPU.Memory: 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM; 128 gb UFS 2.1 2-LANE storage.Bat


tery: 3,700mAh Li-Po (sealed); Dash Charge proprietary fast charging (5V/4A).Connectivity: Dual nano-SIM; 5-Band carrier aggregation, LTE Cat.16/13 (1024Mbps/150Mbps); USB Type-C (v2.0); Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac; GPS, GLONASS, Beidou, Galileo; NFC; Bluetooth 5.0, supports aptX and aptX HD.Thanks Oneplus. Never Settele.\n', "\nI WAS WORRIED BECAUSE OF THE REVIEWS BUT BELIEVE ME YOU GUYS, THIS IS THE BEST PHONE TO BUY RIGHT NOW. NO NEED OF GETTING A ONEPLUS 7 FOR EXTRA 5K. THE ONLY MISSING THIS WOULD BE THE STEREO SPEAKERS WHICH DOESN'T MATTER AT ALL. THIS PHONE IS FAST, CAMERA IS GOOD, BATTERY IS EXCELLENT, SCREEN IS MARVELLOUS, FINGERPRINT IS FAST (not fast as the physical one), NO HEATING AND SO ON. IF ANYBODY IS HAVING A DOUBT TO WHETHER OR NOT BUY THIS PHONE, FEEL FREE TO CONTACT ME VIA E-MAIL (alanthomas110@gmail.com).PS- The handset which i received has a dent on the back as well as the alert slider wobbles too. Deducting 1 star.\n", "\nTo get service, it's very difficult or almost impossible. Once a slot is booked, service centre always cancel it without any intimation. Also original parts like microphone is not at all available in market. Service center never pick up calls!!To OnePlus- a mobile phone is always prone to fall from some height. And that will leave it damaged. Most of the brands in India have service centres in every 30-40 km range. For OnePlus it is every 300-400km. If that is the case then you have every responsibility to make the parts available in the market. And parts are also not available\n", '\nWhat a phone! I have been using it since the past few weeks. Here\'s my experience:Pros:- Battery life for over 16-18 hrs on an average with screen time of 4-5 hrs plus. This is the best I have seen so far, more so impressive with a screen size of 6.4". So you won\'t need to charge it during the day mostly. Also, notice a near linear drain until the last juice.- Speed is fantastic. Not seen a single clipping or lag so far. I need to catch on my speed infact ! Games like ashphalt play completely lag free! What more do you want and at this price point ! Hence no need of frequent restarts ! ,😅👍- On screen finger print : Quite unlike many critics, I do not see any issues here. It does take a while to get used to it. Acceptable speed for login/unlock. Its one cool feature to show off,😀-  Dual 4G feature on the 6T is a true icing on the top especially for those who use Jio 4G LTE SIM used as a secondary data.- Display is good with standard 1080 resolution,  but not the best. There are better out there in the market. More so,  with the bundled screen guard, images and videos do not exactly standout like the Samsung\'s Super AMOLED displays, which I have used before. I my take off the screen guard one day and check out but for now it remains put on the brand new phone!- Camera - Sharp and well above avergae photos with the primary camera. Videos are good but the  audio capture is outstanding. Nightscapebis very  effective. And then there is the pro(manual mode) which is completely customisable, left to your skill with the lens. I have still to get a handle on that one and hence cannot comment as yet.  Secondary camera is also nice. Only,  I have some trouble taking selfies with the slim form factor, and get a feel that I am missing out on the larger frame. I may be mistaken here though.ConsJust a few :- No "One hand operation"- You miss the headphone socket. OnePlus store sells decent headphone (bullet) with USB C plug. You will need one unless you are happy carrying the discerning coverter.- Status icon list is limited to a few. Not sure why? Is it due to teardrop notch?  You need to mostly go an additional touch to pull down and view the usual list of icons typically on the status bar. I find it slightly inconvenient and irritating.Nothing more to crib about!Overall a great phone from OnePlus!\n', "\nI used this product around 2 years, the companies promise is one plus is the most valued and uncompromised product compared to iphone or others mobiles like mi, vivo etcBut now am very disappointed because of the battery issue and board issue. My one plus 6T is little bit hang we open the camera take photo. And now the phones network range not being worked. sim card not detected the mobile. What can I do..? I purchased one plus because of the trust and durability of the product. but now am totally disappointed. Sorry.I contacted the service center of one plus near my home.(Trivandrum karamana branch) They told me, this is the rare case of complaining network slot and camera hang. And the major issue is board complaint and charging issue. I need a solution for this. We trust one plus because of your advertisement and performance. Please give me valid solution for this issue.If replacement of the board is very costly around 70percent of the new mobile. So I can't yo afford this cost. Please support.Thank you\n", "\nThere are many reviews from users as well as reviewers out there. Just my 2 cents:Pros:Incredible deepthi life with the fastest charging system on the market.Screen is vibrant and has various colour modes to suit your preference.Performs like a champ with gaming loads such as Pubg and Asphalt.Slim and light though mandatorily needs a case as most of the construction is glass .Camera is a hit and miss sometimes, highly recommend the Pixel 3 camera app port. When it works well, the pictures are fantastic.Cons:Some minor bugs such as the accelerometer requires a shake sometimes to get orientation.The bokeh mode is a hit and miss with recognizing faces and objects.Build quality is top notch (Heh!) but fragile.If you're used to a 3.5mm jack, you will most certainly miss the jack.Never cared about wireless charging so that didn't really matter to me.Mono speaker.It may have a list of niggles but it will most definitely make you smile when you use it and still at the end of the day have 40% battery left.\n", '\nUpdating it after 4 months of use.i) 

a backup is excellent- absolutely phenomenal. Never did it fall below 30% after a complete day\'s normal use.ii) The SAR reports (Read Radiation from the phone) -recently seems to be of concern - \'The Xiaomi Mi A1 recorded the highest SAR at 1.75, followed by the OnePlus 5T at 1.68, the Xiamo Mi Max 3 at 1.58, the OnePlus 6T at 1.55, and the HTC U12 Life at 1.48"iii) Camera is good 3.5/5 . But it could have been even better(in low lights)After having used one plus 2(still using) past 3 years, I just fell in love for one plus phones.their performance and build quality are superior. I just wanted to upgrade and waited to buy 6T since one plus 6 is being talked about.I did know that 6T should be there any time soon.And finally got this elegant beast!Have been using past two days.. trust me, it\'s a killer of the lot.Superior user experience.Great face recognition, even in low lightFinger print sensor is super fastAwesome smooth graphics..App drawer, App switching etc.Negligible Bezel , Will create more screen spaceMidnight Black suggested, for  lesser fingerprint marks.camera life is great,with dash charge\n', "\nMy phone died suddenly today, 09  May 2020. I put it for charging and after an hour I found it very hot and not responding at all. I removed from charging and allowed it to cool but it did not come back to life. Not able to switch it on. It was bought 01 Nov 2018 on Amazon. I don't know what is to be done now, especially since the city is in a lockdown, wonder whether I will get some service centre open and working.\n", '\nThanks to Amazon for same day delivery of the devicePros --6.4 inches Super AMOLED display produces punchy and accurate colors with a high dynamic range-Bigger screen to body ratio-The camera is superb for video recordings as helped by Electronic Image Stabilization, Night mode takes detailed photographs even if there is very low light(refer attached photo taken from Mi A1 and 6T simultaneously)-Snapdragon 845 provides lightning speed and I observed no lag while playing heavy games, video streamings and switching of apps.-Great customization tweaks offered by Oxygen OS that helps in basic needs.-DASH charger helps in charging phones up to 50-60% in 25-30 mins.-In the display, fingerprint scanner adds to the looks and comfort of the phone.-The phone feels super premium, thanks to its metal body, and glass back. Comfortable to hold in hand.-Face recognition works like magic, even in the night with no light source aroundCons--Portrait mode in camera produces photos with the less recognizable blurring between subject and behind the scene, sometimes missing focus on the subject also.-I found battery backup to be on a little side compared to OP 6 in spite of the larger battery housing.-In-display fingerprint scanner looks amazing but it takes a little time to unlock the phone, however it is operable and becomes fast with every use.\n', '\nHi Everyone writing this review after using the one plus 6T for a week i would also like to mention i got this at a great price considering 8GB and 128GB the power it packs so pretty satisfied with price point i will divide this review into pros & cons for your understanding starting with the Box one plus packaging is great and as soon as you open the box you will you have joined the elite community  i also received some one plus never settle sticker which was a surprisePros- OPTIC AMOLED display looks great  In display finger print scanner gives a futuristic look.  Oxygen OS great customisation level and feeling of stock android at the same time.  Camera in potrait mode especially selfie camera is great with some good detailing , i know camera has not been the strongest point of one plus but with 6T its improved especially in artificial lighting conditions as per my observations.  phone feels premium once held and gives you the proudness of being a part of one plus community.  i think i have read the review and i felt no body talked about the quality of the charger one plus provides i mean i have seen the higher end flagship phone and man the charger quality is so great cables are tangle free and quite thick  - dash charge - i was using the previous phone lenovo P2 with a fast charger and it had 5000 mah battery which use to take around 1hr:45 min to charge from 30% - 100% but dash charging is like man so fast it takes hardly 30 min to charge from 40% - 95% that really fast so its like you are at peace you know that whatever time you have if you charge it you are good for a day  Cons-  no 3.5 mm jack and i found the USB tye c to 3.5 mm connector does not give a great output i have tried with Audio technica headphones i hope i can fix that with some update or some equalizer though i use bluetooth earphone when im travelling and with that the sound was as expected.  Dual speakers could have been a great add-on but i dont mind it much as i dont primarily use loudspeaker other than calls  Also i miss the notification led which could have been a great value some common issues i faced after buying and how i soughted it out can help others  1. battery drain- as soon as i bought the phone and used it i started to experience the battery drain and o boy it was draining like hell but then i read some blogs and found a fix to it by deleting the cache i did that and now the battery performance is great im not a heavy user but it easily last a day with 40 % till next dayThanks AMazon & one plus for providing great experience keep it up !!\n', '\nCamera keeps on crashing. I had to repair it exactly within 45days from the purchase but even after that the problem still persist. Pathetic technical service... Their only solution is factory reset!DO NOT fall for their product launch gimmic. Their product qualities are falling drastically.\n', '\nUsing this phone from last few months and here are my reviews over it:Design : Premium design and sturdy body.Camera : Amazing camera with regular updates to enrich camera quality.Battery : With dash charger it takes around 45min for full charge, but while gaming even full charge got consumed within 2hr.Fingerprint reader : Worst I have ever used. Although it comes with on-screen reader, even after adding same finger 6-7times  in different angle this phone 90% of times fails to recognise that finger and usually take 4-5 attempts to open.Face recognition: quick but if kept sensors active, battery drains faster.Gaming : whatever game or app there is, this phone runs it like charm.Overall good buy under 25k.\n', "\nAwesome product and it's performance. There was no lag while playing any high graphic game. No heating issues at all till date with continued use of handset for watching movies, playing games or music for long hours.Battery is also a killer performer. Easy one full day backup with heavy to super heavy useage. For only calls and limited usage battery lasts a good 1.5 days.There are some drawbacks as any other product. The 6T has one strange problem, whenever the WiFi hotspot is switched On with Bluetooth headset connected in parallel, there is very severe interference of signals and Bluetooth audio gets disrupted. any update available to fix this?Also the handset isn't suitable for single handed use.Overall, 4.5 stars for this handset Shud be good.\n", "\nI switched to this phone from Apple 8 plus....the screen is top notch (no pun intended) and the camera is good but not great. Installing the GCam port for OnePlus  did bring some better results in certain scenarios though. But again for the price range this is one of the best products you can get.Feels great:The phone is insanely fast and very responsive. Oneplus's implementation of Android is great and Gestures are superb.Needs improvement:The slomotion videos on the stock camera app looks very dark compared to Apple and needs a very well lit environment. Also there is a 1 minute cap for a single slomo. Nightscape is mediocre at best.\n", "\nMoving from a Galaxy S8 to the Oneplus 6T might just be one of the best decisions in my lifem.ProsWonderful Screen (S8 had a higher resolution panel, but literally I've always used it on FullHD+)Great Battery (Easily lasts a day. On the other hand, S8 after one year of usage required to be charged at least thrice a day)Performance (It's fast, blazing fast! Whereas my S8 became Laggy just within 6 months of the purchase)Design (This is a personal preference. I love the matte finished glass )Software (Pure stock experience with some good OxygenOS tweaks. I love it. )Camera (Not up to Samsung standards but not far behind either)Price (Still a bang for your buck)ConsNo IP ratingNo headphone jackSpecial Mention :The In-Display fingerprint scanner looks cool. Pure showoff stuff. Slow but feels secure.I'd recommend the 8+128 combination. And it's Still a flagship killer to me.\n", "\nLet's start with the notch as this is my first time with a notch device...I'm not a fan of notches but the notch that comes with this device doesn't come across (to me at least) as irritating... The teardrop shape blends in quite well with the rest of the body of the device...The device is as smooth & fluid as you would expect from OnePlus and the face recognition works incredibly fast... The good part that I discovered about the face unlock feature is that I registered my face without my glasses but it still recognizes me and unlocks the phone every time... So no worries with it leaving you hanging after a tough day when you can't be bothered to look carefully at your device for the face unlock to work...That brings me to the in-display fingerprint scanner... In most situations the face unlock is too quick and so I don't even need to use it but the scanner on itself works just ok... It's nowhere near as fast as the modern day fingerprint scanners on the backs of devices and the unlock speed of this phone with fingerprint is around the same as my OnePlus 2 from 2015... The only advantage is that the huge display you get and it's quite something to see up close (for me)...Battery life is incredible as well... I charge it for about 45mins to an hour everyday and it lasts me the whole day... Although I would say that I'm not a very hardcore phone user like I used to be but the phone lives up to it's expectation as you would want... Look up reviews on YT if you're really interested in getting this device...Picture quality is great in the phone, far greater than I could imagine... Takes clear shots and the slow motion also looks amazing... It just gets a little heated up after you shoot in slowmo or take a video in 4k-60FPS...Sound quality is as usual from the outside speakers and there's no headphone jack... It's annoying of course and so I've got a separate pair of earphones for specifically this phone and have connected the Type-C to 3.5mm adapter to it... I don't take it off and so that we way I'm less likely to loose it... So that takes care of the little issue...And yeah, the device is waterproof actually... Even though there isn't any official certification, it's waterproof to a decent extent...The only thing I wish to be changed about this device for now is the placement of the volume button... Unlike my previous OnePlus 2, they put the alert slider above the power button and the volume button on the left for the OnePlus 6T...This gets extremely weird from what was just working fine (volume button above the power button and alert slider in the left) in my opinion but that's just my personal bias...Overall the phone is definitely a fantastic package for the price...\n", "\nIt's simply a burdenless phone.Very user friendly and the oxygen os user interface is ineffably smooth.Nice touch of elegance and strength.Touch delay is almost zero and in performance it's a real life hero.Beauty performance and simplicity are the distinct features of this dark knight.Fast and furious android experience mesmerized  me and now it is an inseperable limb of my digital life!I love it because I have no other choice.Hope one plus make it more featuristic and usable because it's not only their business but also their social responsibility as this is the only brand which thinks not only to maximise the profit of the organisation but also the utility of the loyal and precious customers of them them.Thank you Amazon for this wonderful product as their business partner and thanks to One Plus for their deep emotional involvement in the one plus community and yielding their positive response always in favour the consumers.\n", "\nMy first OnePlus device and I am already liking it. After so many recommendations from family and friends, I finally bought OnePlus 6T this time and it's an amazing phone. No heating issues, awesome battery and best of the screen display. I was little skeptical about the size of the phone, I like small handy phones but though its a long phone but in-hand feel is very good due to 19:5:9 aspect ratio the width of the phone is little less so you feel comfortable with the phone.  I definitely recommend this phone. One of the best Android phone in the market. Bye Bye Samsungs and Mis ;)\n", "\nI was extremely happy with my One Plus 5 and bought this only hoping that it would be better. I was wrong !! There are so many things which I did not like in this phone1) finger print takes a lot of time .2) There is some problem In the OS , I suddenly get Hold message during a call and Busy tone sometimes. This is extremely irritating.3) It's heavier than One Plus 5.4) One Plus 5 have better camera results , photographs were vibrant , real and sharp. 6T camera is not as good.5) it's slow for the processor it has , sometimes I think One Plus is dumping all its kachra maal on Big Sale Days.6) Battery lasts as long as One Plus 5 .I bought it because screen of my One Plus 5 broke , now I regret not getting it repaired. 33 K on this phone seems a waste.\n", '\nCamera is pathetic. Takes blurry pics sometimes. Pics gets detoriarated on little bit of zooming also. Looks like its a 8mp camera. Samsung takes better pics even in 8k phone. Low light is equally bad. Poor selfie camera. Those saying awesome camera have no idea about cameras. Improve camera performance in the next update.Its blazzing fast. Smooth. Looks great. But cam and speakers r disappointment.\n', "\nI was wondering why everyone is crazy about OnePlus phones. After using the phone for about 6 months I started realizing that this craziness is because of the hype they created in their entry period.Frankly speaking this phone doesn't deserve this much hype.Pros: performance, screen, face unlockCons: if you ever tried panaroma in OnePlus phones you will definitely hate it.It's the worst when you use it with flash in light. It produces red-eye in all photos.Fingerprint sensor takes long to unlock.I tried to raise this issue in their support but didn't help they are asking me to do lot of reset and if it failed they are asking me to go the their service center.Finally,  not worth the hype.\n", '\nAs Oneplus says "Never Settle", its true for the 1+ 6T as well. My first 1+ phone & the experience has been great till now. No lags, no slowdowns, no glitches, extremely snappy & powerful. I feel lucky using this phone. Its got the latest powerhouse sdm 845 inside with 8GB(my variant) ram which blazes through games & multitasking. The display is amazing & as its an Amoled screen, the colours are very punchy & saturated as well. Watching videos on my 6T is a true blessing. Everything seems so vivid & beautiful that i don\'t feel like watching movies on a television anymore. The screen is pretty big (6.41in) & the tear drop style notch makes it infact more immersive. The sound quality is very decent & the speaker is pretty loud despite being mono. The camera is amazing too which brings out decent looking pictures with fast focusing speed. Low light pictures are very decent as well & its not justified to expect anything more from a smartphone of this price tag. It very much lives up to the expectations. I would like to highlight one drawback though having Android 9(pie), some of the many apps & games on the play store doesn\'t seem to be well optimised for this new version of android & hence we might need to wait a few more weeks untill the developers of these apps optimise them better for the newer version of android which will then make the software experience even better. The software experience can be annoyingly slow at times which is unexpected from Oxygen OS on SDM 845. Seriously the software needs to be improved. Application load times, opening notifications, loading games seem pretty slow for a phone with a snapdragon 845 with 8GB Ram & UFS 2.1 storage. The Oxygen OS on 6T needs to be tweeked even more because even after receiving the 9.0.7 OTA update, there seems to be a bit of problems left, with screen unlock which doesn\'t recognise the fingerprint sometimes despite being input properly, voice assistant response (AI related), recent apps tray seems a bit laggy at times and sometimes the \'close all\' button disappears, multitasking is awesome at times but sometimes the OS can be harsh at killing apps and hence they reload every now and then and surprisingly that day my camera app crashed. Overall I would like to say, Oneplus 6T has been my best experience with android phones till date, only if these certain problems are taken care of with future updates it might just be "the best". Actually, one does expect a smartphone of flagship specs and a price of 42K to be near perfect in every way and hence of me to expect such might not be that bad altogether. I do accept a few drawbacks sometimes and then the experience using my Oneplus 6T becomes awesome. My best smartphone till date and I am hoping it to get even better.\n', '\nLove the phone - it\'s one of the best flagships out there. I bought it at full price a couple of months back.Pros:1. Fast2. Clean OS3. Plenty of internal storage4. OnePlus - a thing of beauty5. Great camera with great portrait and night modes6. Timely updates7. Free silicon case of great quality providedCons:1. Heats up when you use it continuously, even for simple activities such as browsing Quora2. In-display fingerprint sensor is quite slow. Considering I have used almost all the OnePlus models (and currently own both the 6 and 6T), the sensor is considerably slower than the counterpart3. I also use an iPhone XS Max which has only facial recognition and compared to it, the face recognition in 6T is so poor that it barely works. I have come to not rely on it at all4. A bit heavy if you use it for a long time in one hand - the phone with a tempered glass and the default OnePlus case tends to get heavyAreas for OnePlus to improve before they call themselves a flagship killer. But again, their motto is "Never Settle" and I hope they never settle down and keep innovating.\n', '\nThe phone is a neat package. Its a jack of all trades, master of only one. Yes, master chipset. The Snapdragon 845. It manages all your functionality like a strong Irish Sailor.This has made the battery life stay one step ahead of any phone with these specs. Not once, not twice but thrice since I got this phone have I ever needed to charge this phone in less than 36 hours.I believe the Hz on the new Oneplus 7 pro is so good you are quicker than a McLaren with your fingers but this phone has never given me a chancr to complain.The Camera has given me doubts several times. I dont know if its a model issue or if it is what it is. Never been very impressed with every picture but some.The sound output from the mono speaker is shreaky at high volumes and can get uneasy to the ear. Best heard at half volume. Sad it doesnt have a headphone jack. You are provided with a C-type headphone jack converter in the box which converts just about decent sound through a wired earphone. Phone is best with Bluetooth devices.Fingerprint is fast enough and just accurate for an in fingerprint sensor. Animation a nice touch.The toggle switch is a great boon for anyone who needs a quick shift between settings during your day. A strong and precise switchery.Overall, it is a package that you should not avoid.\n', '\nThis phone is best thing out there and at 27k its a steal.......Writing after 7 month of usage, this phn has still got 0% lag, the most common cause i disliked every phn i previously had. None of my previous phones gave persistent performance and dont survive even 2 month of usage. I have used Samsung galaxy S1, S2, S5, S6, Nexus 4 , Lg G5, Honor 8 pro,......All were flagships. But Oneplus.....this is ultimate experience.Writing after 7 months ( even after launch of Oneplus 7/ 7 pro)Pros...1. Extremely user friendly and oriented. No useless gimmicks2. 0% lag... 100 % smooth....U throw any app, any game, any task.....it breezes out of it.....3. Extremely reliable, will not hang , even there are scores of apps running around. ( That will help in your busy days)4. Camera - Excellent daytime pics with great night shots ( using Gcam)5. Large userbase...U have every mods out there6. The price....It cant be oversaid....Now its even more cheap....At 27k its a steal of your life.7. Call quality - very good8. Battery : I am a heavy user and at the end of day I have 40% left , which i charge to 100% while getting ready in the morning. Such a peace of mindThere are many things in this phone that will bring smiles to your face when you will use it. Its the most practical phone and company.Cons :1. Fingerprint scanner : Though its upgraded tech..... but its downgrade in terms of reliability. You cant rely on it daily, when you have smudgy / moist fingers, rainy days2. None, And I mean it.Thanks, I rarely write such a long review, But i owed my duty to write about such a piece of excellence\n', "\nI received the phone two day's back. This is my first OnePlus mobile. I got it with exchange offer. The first thing I should mansion that the exchange offer of Amazon is very simple and smooth. The delivery boy came and ask for old phone, after verification he gave me the new phone to me. Thanks Amazon. However I purchased the OnePlus 6T 8GB/128GB model. Nice phone. So smooth. Very fast. On screen fingerprint and face unlock works smoothly. At one third the cost of an iPhone XS max with a cutting-edge in display fingerprint sensor this is the bargain buy of the year. I am totally satisfied with the phone. Hope it will last longer.\n", "\nI am really dissappointed with oneplus 6t. I used oneplusx long ago. But i impressed with its features except battery. I thought those issues were improved in 6t. But really totally dissappointed. It's really not worthwhile for 33k money. I faced some application issues and vibrator issues. Esculated to oneplus tecj team. Got temp solution. Now looks like seasonr started malfunctioning. Even if I am logging through finger print it says finger print is locked due to several attempts. And some time when I am playing any video, in the middle it stops. If U take slow motion pictures and go for preview, video stops in the middle. I didn't get time to test all apps. But these are my observations. I suggest if U are really ready to waste ur money or ur not bothering about money then atleast go to outlet and purchase this. Else go for other brands.\n", '\nSwitching over from my Iphone 8 to Oneplus 6t.1 - SpeedYes, Oneplus claims the truth that you\'re going to "Unlock Speed" with this one. The face unlock and brand new in display fingerprint in this phone is insanely fast.2- HardwareThe built quality of the phone gives you a very premium feel, glass back , amazing curved design, oled screen and teardrop notch can give a bummer to any other premium smartphone in the market.3- ProcessorDamn, I love this one, Snapdragon 845 and 8GB of RAM makes it one of the fastest phones in the world right now, get ready for an amazing never lagging gaming experience and user interface.4- SoftwareAndriod 9, Pie and Oxygen OS makes the interface of the phone look beautiful, and it looks beautiful to me as I\'ve been using apple for past two years with same interface. Gestures, customizations and various other oxygen os features give you a very good in-phone experience.5- CameraAmazing for low light photography, I haven\'t test the camera much, would edit my review after testing it for sometime.CONS1- It would be great if Oneplus launches phones with IP water resistant certificate and Wireless Charging from next time.2- Include the Type C bullet earphones inside the box itself. They\'re out of stock on amazon.\n', "\nI got this phone within time with prime delivery. The delivery aspects were good. Packaging and promptness were as expected. The phone is average as compared to the moto g5 plus i had. The camera is great. The battery life is average. I charge it at 12pm today and till next day the same time it'll drain to 45%. The sound is okayish and the much hyped in display fingerprint sensor works just fine. Sometimes its laggish and takes time to recognize. Comparing it with my moto g5 plus, its a tad slower. The display is true HD. We get 113gb free memory from the 128gb quota. Phone doesnt heats up besides having 8gb RAM and the dash charger charges the device in 30 minutes from 45 to 100.\n", '\nBest pH ever..👍👍👌👌\n', "\nTo sum it up in a sentence I would say that it is very fast... The phone responds within a fraction of a second be it calling someone or opening up browser or any application...Icing on the cake is that it does not overheat easily... I played pubg for almost two hours and it never heated up above the normal heat... And the battery consumption was only 25%... Amazing...The fingerprint sensor works 4 out of 5 times... This one might need some improvement or some software updates but it's better than most ones out there... When it works it unlocks in less than a second...Photos at night time came out really good... Day time pictures were crisp and natural... Need to check other modes as well when I get the chance...\n", "\nFor all the one plus Lover it's a great phone. Face unlock is super quick but the front facing finger print unlock is also slow though many updates have been pushed by the one plus it cannot match the speed of traditional finger print unlock.Other point is it lacks headphones jack, Though it matters to me coz  listen to lot of music, as it's charging and type c  headphones connects in the same port so either u charge or u listen to music .Other than that it will never disappoint you. pictures come out great. No call issue, no network drops.\n", '\nA lot of reviews is already there however my review is bit different. Value for money product.1. Battery Life is superb with heavy usage.2. Phone is super super responsive.3. Very comfy to handle4. Slim profile.5. Data Transfer to and from other phone is super easy.Cons,1. Feels a bit bulky2. Camera could have been better for this price range.\n', '\nLiked: Best flagship killer in the market. Worth the money invested. High end games run smoothly without lagging. Feels premium quality while holding in hand. Has Tupe-C charging (fast charging). In-display fingerprint sensor, Teardrop notch (better than the bigger notches of other flagships), Decent Camera, Oxygen OS 🥰 and last but not the least - got it delivered to me next day!Disliked: Average battery, mono speakers, gets warm (more than you would expect) while playing high end games such as PUBG\n', "\nLiked everything about the oneplus6t. It's as smooth as it should be. Had read some reviews while purchasing it was kinda scared to order reading the bad reviews but Amazon didn't disappoint me, the product came on time and as new as you get in a store, the thing I did not like is that there were no earphones along with it, but overall everything is good and perfect. If you are confused and purchasing don't be feel free to buy it without any hesitation.\n", '\nI\'m sharing my review after use of one month.due to advertising strategy of company, I purchased it. Now honestly Its complete waste of money.No resale value. I purchased in 43000 before one year and now resale value is 15000 . Wtf.Camera quality is good outside the door not inside.Not more features in camera sitting . Camera sitting look like a 5000 Android phone .Side button for "Ring vibrate and silent" is not working. Update notification is on Time but latest version not good.Finally I says, never use OnePlus product.If OnePlus sale it below 15000. You should purchase.\n', "\nSwitched to this one from my iPhone 7 Plus. Though I faced issues at first I'm totally satisfied with the performance and battery life of the One Plus 6T.I can't comment on the camera cuz it's neither awesome nor poor. The photos are softer than the iPhone but when you compare the price of both it lives upto it's reputation.The fingerprint reader is good for the technology but I found face unlock to be more useful when my hands are wet. They could have included an. IR sensor like in the POCO since it's hard to unlock at night and the assist light is too bright.The most attractive thing is the awesome battery life and fast charging. I get easily 1.5 days charge is normal office use and moderate gaming and I charge it for one hour daily before office hours and it's good to go.I wish the price of the Bullets we're a little less cuz it would have made a world of difference with this phone when it comes to gamingI got it for 33K which makes it a bargain for the spec and build quality.Happy to be a part of the One Plus Team.\n", '\nThe referral program  from Oneplus and Amazon is total hoax. They just cheated me to refer and for months no credits for the referral, in spite of writing several mails.Also phone performance is not that great having used for 6 + months. I could have easily managed with either Xiaomi or Redmi phone. Just waste of money and trust in 3rd rated company\n', "\nSpeed space strong and actually smart...  I replaced my iPhone 6s for one plus 6T and I feel this is my worth decision.Dash charging is one of the awesome feature which we missed in iphones. Also the flexibility of android every iPhone user knows but not ready to accept.Battery life is ok but doesn't matter thanks dash charging...Signal strength suddenly increased at same places where in iPhone there was no signals... Much better signal quality as compare to iphonesLot of other small small things also there which you will experience when start using...Go far it\n", "\nAfter using 15 days these are my observations.Speed wise it is very good as it have 8GB Ram with Snapdragon processor. Look wise its very nice and design and quality of the material is good. When come to Fingerprint the animations are looking fabulous while unlocking but some times not capturing for 2 or 3 sec then giving no detected message. Need improvement there. Coming to camera need more improvements overall. The one option I am regret is clicking picture only by using the capture button. As my moto g2 have full screen capture option and g4 have fingerprint to click option with screen. But here we don't have any fingerprint option also so sometimes while taking selfies for large group its very difficult to capture using the only button. Same time by using earphones also we are not able to capture images. Need software improvement there.Coming to calls while taking with earphones we are unable to mute the call by using earphones. Which is there for my all previous phones which are very low budget ones. While taking client calls it is making very uncomfortable because I am used to earphone play/pause button to mute the call.Coming to network while in call the internet or messages option is not working. Internet usage my be restricted while in call but the messages option need to be improved. Because in some urgent call if some one calls we need message them back saying so.Overall its good to use but need some really cool improvements software wise.\n", "\nHello Friends , recently I got my ONEPLUS 6T from Amazon . Seller was Darshita Electronics . I received my One+ within a week of my ordering it . Nicely packed in it's original form . No tampering issue . Was delivered in a good condition to me . As far as phone's performance is concerned , it's Snapdragon processor is really very fast in it's execution . Camera quality is also good . Connectivity is also good on Airtel's 4G sim . However , if compared to Samsung's Flagship phones such as S7 , S8 , S9 & S10 & Samsung Note Series , you will find the screen display & resolution of One Plus very disappointing . I am using Samsung S7 since May 2017 and I am fully satisfied with it's all round performance . Lack of 3.5 mm earphone jack is another issue . Overall I am happy with my new phone . But I am not going to leave my SAMSUNG S7 .\n", '\nPros: Works as described, battery is much improved over a OnePlus 3T which is what this phone has replaced. Much smoother to operate too.Cons: The display is not great compared to other mobiles that are in similar price range or slightly more expensive.Other thoughts: Not a worthwhile upgrade from a OnePlus 5T which is also what i own\n', "\nGiven the marketing hype around OP 6 T and the fact I had used OP 3 for two years with no glitches I naturally expected an excellent product..however after a month of use I would say @42 K OP 6T has lost its magic touch or the 'wow' it achieved with its earlier phones..I personally experience the battery life has not improved despite the bigger capacity..OP3 gave me better life with similar usage..camera has improved but still not 'flagship' and night capture mode is glitchy..cast option to smart TVs is not supported via prime or Netflix app which worked in older OP devices..phone is a bit heavy for those who like light devices.. Face recognition does not work at night /dark setting unlike a iPhoneGood things about the phone1.Software remains close to the stock android experience with no bloatware which makes the usage buttery smooth..2.fingerprint scanner is much better compared to Vivo V11 pro which I found really non responsive3.screen is quiet good with the notch being the most non intrusive aesthetically designed one I have seenGuys at OnePlus please don't 'settle' ,expect much more than marketing from you guys..\n", '\nFirst of all, I had a Samsung S8 and I wanted to buy a new phone. So, I started searching and read a lot of posts on what is the best phone available right now. I had a few options. LG Q7+, poco, mate 20(not yet released) etc. But after a lot of speculation and hype I went on with the OnePlus 6t.Pros:1) Good screen(not the best in the business though)2) Solid Build Quality3) Premium feel and a good looking phone4) Solid battery(1 and a half day of regular use)5) Decent camera.(cannot compare it to the pixels and the iPhones of the world)6) Good value for money.7) Android pie8) Dash charger.(best in the business)Cons:1) A little problematic with the Bluetooth connectivity. My old phone S8 had no problems when using a Bluetooth headset. But there is a small issue in this phone. I have to restart the phone again to get it working properly.2) Speaker quality.3) On screen fingerprint scanner.(Accuracy-7/10) and a little slow(hopefully software updates will fix it).\n', "\nI brought this on 15 April for 37999/- every things going good but I'm facing little trouble on finger print.I brought 8+128gb combination but not as fast as I expected when compared to my Bros one plus 6t(6+128). I felt almost same. This is third week with my mobile I'll edit my review again if everything goes well.But u can happily go for this product and now the price is too lowI hope d above review went useful it's about more than a mth I'm using d mbl now very thing is fantastic any1 can happily go for it. lol I knew it's 7 and 7pro. This is for those who r using 6t\n", "\nSo this is my first time writing a review about anything , normally i read and watch reviews given by other people but this phone is getting a lot of criticism .The reason might be the design the not change in hardware and other things.But people don't realize that this phone was not made for the people who owned the one plus 6 ,it was for the people who were upgrading form a one plus 3 or 3t or 5 .Me being a user of one plus 3t absolutely love one plus foe their software and hardwarewhen they had launched the one plus 3t it was not a major upgrade over the 3 but a phone for the people who were looking to move into the one plus ecosystem ,it had the same design and almost the same specs (sanpdragon 821).Now coming back to the main topic the reviewthe design is a minor upgrade over the last modelas the notch is smaller and there is no headphone jack (the hardest of choices require the strongest of wills)i don't mind the removal of headphone jack as i really wanted to buy the one plus wireless bullets but they are still not available and I had to buy the type c bullets instead of them.The hardware is good but could have been better i.e in the camera they could have given a secondary wide angel lense .the haptic feedback could be better .Now the software we all now that oxygen os is one of the greatest crearion of one plus as it is optimized and snappy at the same time but there the are few things that i would like inculded in the software like manual video mode and a refresh ti the text message app.Now there are some things that i love to the use of Android pi , the inscereen finegeprint , night mode .There are also a few tiny deatils lik if you chek incoming vibration pattern they have new names for every pattern .This one plus always holds a special place in my heart and i absolutely love this phone and i would recommend this if you're looking for an update( but not an update over the 6 )\n", "\nIt's actually a gr8 phone, but I hate the fact that within just 4 months it's prize dropped ≈ ₹10,000Pros:• Gr8 fingerprint reader (but since it scans through screen its comparatively slower)• Good battery life (Even better than 4500 mAh phones)• Fast Charging (takes 1.5 hrs to full charge from 0)• Awesome Camera quality• Great speed (I have been using it for 5 months still not faced any problem with performance)• Sound quality is great.Cons:• It does not have any video calling option (the only way you can video call is by using other apps like google duo/whatsapp etc)• Sometimes it heatsup badly (after that we need to go to root directory to wipeout cache)• It does not have headphone jack for ( for that they have provided a additional cable with one side c port). That means either you can charge your phone or listen to songs.• Slow motion in camera does not work well, after recording video's brightness gets automatically low.\n", '\nEverything about this phone is just awesome, superb battery, proper keyboard, sound is perfect, best camera ever, best thing about this phone is memory...really unlocking the speed... I am totally satisfied with this product.. Thanks OnePlus & also to Amazon..\n', "\nOne or the worst products ever by Oneplus. Highly disappointed. Was extremely excited for the product but the quality is no where near the expectations.Oneplus is know for providing value for money but this particular model is their biggest failure. Its better to buy any phone for 10k rather than spending so much on this.Got the phone on the very next day from launch and had a lot of issues in it. Got it replaced still I am facing a lot of issues. The phone's fingerprint scanner doesn't respond properly. It hangs sometimes. The phone gets warm when charged. The battery backup is not at all up to the mark.Even the Oneplus community is filled with complaints for the same product.Completely disheartening.\n", "\nOne Plus 6T is the best phones from one plus. Some of the pros and cons of the phone isProsNew fingerprint sensor feels cutting-edgeUp-to-date, versatile OSFast Charge is still greatSleek, premium designGreat performanceGreat battery lifeConsCamera's Nightscape mode needs workFingerprint sensor needs refinementOne plus 6t has one of the best display in the phone in its range and even gives tough competition to some other high end phones. Camera is one of the best highlight of this phone adding Night scape mode gave its camera edge over other phones. But taking photos on Night scape mode is too slow one plus has to work on it.In display finger print sensor it is one of the highlight of this phone but one plus has to work on it refinement. Recently one plus has one given one upgrade to fix slowness problem in Indisplay finger sensor. Now it fast but still need improvement. Phone is super smooth no lags nothing even playing high end games. Dash charing is super quick 35 - 45 minutes is enough for full charging.\n", '\nFirst of all, Android is no more like it used to be before guys! Its way more refined and jazzy!I am an iphone user and trust me, I am a critical person! especially with a thing that would be with me day in and day out!NO COMPLAINTSAbsolute wonder how a new brand can mesmerize u so much! everything starting from gaming to office oulook.skype! in terms of apps, and hardware-wise...its so sleek and easy to handle! I am up for a 100% recommendation for this device. Its kinda crazy how a new brand can get into ur liking list so damn quick!\n', "\nI'm reviewing after about a week of usage. I donno about the previous OnePlus models, I just entered the OnePlus community with the 8 GB +128 GB VersionAs far as the mobile goes it's a beast, I'm totally satisfied with the performance of the productPros1. Awesome Processor - Snapdragon 845 at its best, combined with the 8 GB RAM, you experience 0 lag on a perfect WiFi connection2. Good Daylight Camera, 4K video with 60 fps frame rate felt dang awesome3. Big Cheers for the near complete Display, OPTIC AMOLED gives a great viewing experience4. Speakers are loud but having Stereo speakers would have done great to this mobile5. DASH Charge works great! Speed is what you need6. The USB-C to 3.5 mm Headphone jack cable is sturdy, I was worried that the earphones piece may fall off but nodes within the jack space save the drop and hold it in place7. Good Delivery and the Packaging, fell in love with OnePlus8. InDisplay Fingerprint scanner is awesome. It takes less than half a second to do the job9. Face unlock is super fast10. Near Stock Android UI is great..! Oxygen OS simply does a terrific job11. Teardrop notch is awesome, although I covered the notch area for my notification bar and the blacked out notification bar is great12. Adding a USB C Hub expands it's functionality, combining with the 6.4 inch screen almost gives a PC like experienceCons1. Battery life doesn't seem that great although I'm a kinda heavy user2. Night camera is bad, My RX 100 mk2 does a great job when compared to this3. Camera zoom is terrible, I hate that part of the Smartphone camera. Again My RX 100 mk 2 does a great job4. Implementation of the fingerprint on the power button would have been good, take a note OnePlus5. Adding a display that supports 4K would have been a great thing, of miss 4K videos on YouTube6. Next time release Gaming phones with add-ons like 120 fps display, 4k display and a gaming chipOverall it's a beastI gave my honest opinion\n", "\nTruely an amazing phone. Wanted to post the review after 1 day of use but was unable to do so because of some technical glitch at Amazon's end.1 - Battery - Its very good as it lasts approximately 30-32 hours including 2 hours of music playback on Amazon Prime through Bluetooth, decent number of calls, 4G VoLTE on through out the duration.2 - Camera - Not spectacular or something but overall good. In natural daylight the pics are amazing, but during night time in the night mode the pics look a bit artificial because of the saturation and lighting. Slow video recording is amazing. Front Camera is good enough and comes with a screen flash.3 - Screen & Notch - The display is simply amazing with an option to hide the notch manually. The bezels at the bottom are bit thick and could have been thinner. the viewing angles are amazing.4 - Sound - The sound is a feature which disappointed me in this phone. No doubt it is loud but the treble is not good. It lacks clarity. May be there would be changes over time.5 - Charging - This is simply out of the world. The Dash Charge is superb and it charges the phone from 46-100% in approx 35 mins.6 - In Display Fingerprint scanner - It is very accurate and takes a bit of time to calibrate. It is a bit slow as compared to the conventional fingerprint scanners.7 - Face Unlock - Its outstanding. It unlocks the phone the moment you look at the screen when the screen is on. It is secure also as it doesn't unlock the phone if your eyes are closed.Overall - Its an amazing phone and a must buy at this price and given the specs. Other companies trying to troll this by showing off their low prices can never match with the quality. And they also provide a back case along with it which is cool enough as you don't have to search for one.\n", "\nKnowing the specks I wanted to own this phone. I have been using oneplus phone from the first launch (oneplus one) and fan of these phones. I'm still using oneplus 5t. Wanted to upgrade wife's phone from 3t to 6t and that was a good move and she liked it.Pros: Battery life, screen and RAM I would sayCons: little on the heavier side compared to 5t, finger print scanner not resposive all the time, not fast as 5t, missing 3.5 jack.It's value for money, but after launch of 7 series price of 6t still gone down. I would have saved some more money.Over all is a good phone to upgrade from 3 to 6 series\n", '\nI have been searching for a good replacement for my iPhone in android OS and after many optins settled with OnePlus , it is the closest u can get with below criteria1. Frequent software update2. Simple and fast UI3. Quality display4. Decent processor and camera\n', "\nJust got hands on this phone, being a customer for Samsung s8 and s9, this phone is not even close to UI or premium feel, yes games are a little faster, but rest not a great feel about this phone. Phone pictures are warm, camera focus isn't that great. Don't understand what the fuss is all about this phone. spend few thousands more and get the real premium phone S8+/s9+ you will love it. Delivery was on time. So over all experience and rating out of 5 will be 3 stars.\n", "\nBeing a tech savvy person, I have owned a Galaxy S3, iPhone 6 and was using a Galaxy S8 until I replaced it with a OnePlus 6T. It was my first experience of trying a smartphone out of my comfort zone (a samsung or an apple).OnePlus 6T has met all my standards• Premium phone (both look and feel) at the best price• Screen resolution is good• The battery life is amazing. To be exact, I watched Brooklyn 99 for an entire day (10 hours) on the Netflix app• The processing speed is mind blowing. 0 lag• Camera both front and rear are super amazing with potrait modes. Night feature for night photography takes time to process but I'll say the picture is worth the waitNothing can be perfect, some negatives• On screen fingerprint takes time to open and struggles to work with dirt on the screen or a fat tempered glass• Night feature takes a lot of time to process the photo• No health app to monitor the steps. In-built pedometer is something I look for in a smartphone• Phone is heavy but battery life compensates the struggleI am really happy with the phone and would suggest most of you to buy it. It'll be foolish right now (November, 2018) and spend that kind of money to buy an apple, a samsung or a pixel unless you are a die hard fan of those smartphone. I respect your opinion.\n", '\nI had got the first unit replaced due to an issue with Airtel 4G, the phone was not able to catch 4G signal. The second phone replaced also had the same issue and moreover in the second one there was gap between the frame and the back glass( Gap was wide enough for any water drop to get into the phone ). Was high on expectation when i bought this phone. It was such a big disappointment to see such a faulty product delivered twice. Oneplus forums have multiple complaints raised on the 4G issue....\n', '\nHey Team, My phone is not accepting the pin i have set after two consecutive attempts of 5 times automatically factory resetting itself. This happened twice till now after every two weeks 15 days , that is on 15th Nov i had this issue and again today on 30th... I bought this phone in the first lot when the one plus 6T release from Amazon. Please help me if this is a bug or if there is any setting that i need to change. I am a regular user of Oneplus and i never had any issue with One plus other than this. Please help.\n', "\nThe phone doesn't live up to the hype it has created through social media. The camera which is suppose to be the x factor is not satisfactory. Its for taking close range photos but when you try to capture a single object, its focus isn't that great and there is no image stabilization. In clicking landscapes, the picture lacks detail. The objects present at a distant are not captured properly and you will find noise when you zoom in.But if you come to the hardware and the ease of swiping through apps. Well this is the beast then. If you are not much into camera then this phone can never disappoint you.\n", "\nJust don't take it as a joke.... I am reviewing this product nearly after an year of purchasing . Had done everything with the phone.... Is outstanding in its perfomance the beast for me.... The best smartphone I have ever used have used poco F1 for a period which is a competitor but I don't think it's worth mentioning.....The phone broke a few months earlier that too it fell from a six floors height .... And it's display and mother board was completely broken .... They demanded nearly the money of the phone with which I purchased but luckily still had my Amazon warranty ..... Which made the service free of cost .Amazon 10/10Oneplus 6t  10/10\n", "\n\n\n\n\n                    The media could not be loaded.\n                \n\n\n\n\xa0I received the phone today. I started the phone and booted the phone. I registered only one fingerprint on the phone. i.e. My left thumb. While I was showing the phone to my colleagues, one of my friend's right thumb was able to open the phone even though the said thumb is not registered. Shocked to see this. One plus needs to look into this security issue. I have not written a detailed review.\n", '\nThis product looks very nice but is finger print sensor is worst. It’s not working at all. Face lock quite good. After using 3 days I am modifying my review i am using iPhone 7 I thought to switch over android so I bought this product but it’s camera quality is not good in comparison to iPhone 7 I don’t play games yet it’s battery life max. 24 hrs. Processor is really fast. Looks good. I think I got defective product. I am going to get it replaced. And if this problem subsists with new device I will return this product and never shift to android.\n', "\nI absolutely love this phone! I was using the OnePlus One before this and after almost 4 years of heavy use it is still working fine but I also needed a better phone and it had to be a OnePlus. The 6T was launched just at the right time and I knew I had to get it the moment I saw the phone! The Snapdragon 845 is powerful and efficient and coupled with the Oxygen OS it performs brilliantly. The notch is minimal and even it's design is better than most. The on screen fingerprint unlock is fast enough and if one is not satisfied with it there's always the fastest face unlock in the market right now. The battery life has been really good too. OnePlus' Dash charging is incredibly fast and consistent! The picture quality is satisfactory! The Sound quality is also great! The best thing is that OnePlus puts out quick updates to keep improving the phone! All in all an absolute beast of a phone with all the bells and whistles one will ever need.\n", '\nFingerprint sensor processing is slow, identification rate is also low, but face unlock is fasterPhotos and video quality is good, night mode requires an upgradeRAM management is poor, had to download external app to see how much Ram is being usedMy biggest disappointment was the speaker slots, sound comes from only one slot other one is a dummy slot!Other than that ,overall the phone is good as per price point of view\n', "\nThe best Budget Flagship Smartphone of 2018...Fast Smooth and easily last a day.It's been a month using this phone and i have no complaint against this phone.pros~Screen size(Best for watching and playing)Fast Charging (Enough juice in 15 min)Superfast face unlockBest UIFlagship features in half priceCons~No Headphone jackSpeaker is loud but no stereo qualitySometimes finger Scaner doesn't respond muchThis is the best Phone to buy, With latest software version updates and good configuration.Don't think Just Buy it.\n", "\nI am a big admirer of 1 Plus phones...first set I bought 1 Plus 3 T, 2 years back......many of my colleagues n friend's followed me....... I Bought 1 Plus 6T @ 37K.... Witihin a month they launched 1 Plus 7 Series@ 32 K..... Feeling some what cheated.Now 1 Plus 3 T screen display is bursted.... When I called to customer care I come to know that it will cost me 7 K more to make it OK.... Now I am Happy I will be having One plus 3T Whuch will cost me equivalent to ONE PLUS 7...... If u check with One plus Community ...u will find many of them are having same problem, specifically with 3T & 5 T..... because of Operating system upgradations and  these two models are not able to combat with....so all of a sudden such problems arises.Now I am not sure even after investing 7 K more still this new Screen display of 3Twill be compatible to New upgraded system or not.\n", "\nOnePlus 6T midnight black,8GB RAM,128GB Storage is a huge flagship killer smartphone that beats so many other phone comparison to the price accordingly, such a smooth phone which never get hang even once after using this for a month ,I am a heavy user like I used to edited photos, videos and etc games I don't try it so far but it's not a problem at all . Camera is superb battery is not bad, performance is awesome video recording is amazing but only problem for me is recording sounds that can't beat iPhone .\n", '\nGood and sturdy and great phone to handle.. flawless and seamless working experience..Feel bad on making a choice by buying it in Dec 18 and in just 6 months its outdated by OnePlus 7.If OnePlus had been working on launch of 7 in just under 6 months so early they should never have brought 6T to market at all.I bought for 37k and under now its 28k.\n', "\nLike the tagline says #NeverSettle stands with this flagship killer. I was an iOS user, after great hesitant I had to move to Android due to Apple's #HighCostNoValue motto.Pros:- Amazing full display- Top notch build quality- Fluidless OxygenOS- Big battery which will go more than a day even after playing games (PUBG) for long time- Fast charging (Love this feature)- Stylish panel- Flawlerss gaming experience, zero lags.- Infinite features compare to AppleCons:- No Stereo speaker. A single speaker will block the sound completely if you are playing a game and you cover the speaker by your hand- No headphone Jack (Works for me as I use bluetooth headset)- Low light photography needs an improvement- In built finger print is not fast than the normal fingerprint scanner.  Face unlock will unlock your phone faster than the fingerprint scanner.  I personally feel this technology was not needed at all.Thats all as of now, will update the list after few months.Conclusion: Go for it if you need a powerfull phone under 40K.\n", "\nFirst time experience with One plus device and I'm happy with the purchase. Fast processing speed, face recognition technology is super quick, on-display finger print scanner is quite fun to use, amazing camera quality (though picture quality in nightscape mode is prone to blurry images if the subject is moving, probably need to test this feature with a tripod for better results).Overall the look and feel of this phone is amazing. Just hold this beauty in your hand and you'll love it.Delivery by E-Mobiles was super quick. Ordered my phone at midnight and it was delivered to me next morning 10 AM !!! Delivered the product as promised in a secured package. Super happy with their fast delivery. Thanks E-Mobiles !!!\n", "\nActually I used to play pubg in my old j7. But due to some hanging or space problem, I need new phone with more ram. So my friend advice me to buy this. And this is totally awesome.. fast charging, fast processor, big battery life, awesome camera quality, Big screen. Best phone in 42k with 8gb ram and 128 gb internal.Edit :- after using 10 month I changed my review from 5 star to 1 star .  Now it's too slow , can't attend call some time, lagging problem, dead lock  etc. I think I wasted my 42k.\n", '\nLiked every bit of this phone. Camera quality is really good and perfoance is also excellent.Was using OnePlus3 earlier and could see that the finger print unlocking was extremely quick in my old phone than the new onePlus6T. But the face unlock of OnePlus6T is veey good and really quick.Got a Midnight Black model amd found that the phone itself is very smooth ans slippery. So its best to order a protective case preferably with a matte finish.\n', '\nIt’s very good phone for this price range, mind blowing specifications. It’s all time great phone ever. Just time my experience is amazing because one plus is the top biggest brand in one.. it means is amazing, if you search a better phone for a great camera, good specification phone so one plus is better choice for everyone for android platform.\n', '\nCall sound is quite low compared to other normal phones.Fingerprint reader is also not accurate and slow than usual.Battery backup is good, works more than 24 hrs after full charge and charges within an hour.Performance is too good. Using it since 11th May but no heating and hanging issues till now.Cam quality is also good.\n', "\nBest buy i ever have. Totally impressed buy the phone.Screen quality is so good so are the viewing angles as it's an OLED panel.Battery life is also decent. I am getting 7:30-8:00 hours screen on time countinously on moderate usage. Though i am not worried of the battery drain 'coz dash charging is very fast and within 1:30 hours phone is completely charged.Picture quality is also good considering the price of the device. Though i am not a camera loving person.Oneplus 6t is beast in performance. What else can i say about the device. It is very fast and lag free.Oxygen os is better then stock google android even gestures are much better then pixel 3&3xl.Sound quality is also good. It has only one speaker but the output is quite good enough.Indispaly Finger print is acceptable. It is not as fast as the usual rear fingerprint scanner but does the job.Those who have oneplus 6 can wait for oneplus7 as it is just an incrememtal upgrade.\n", '\nI bought this phone a month back. Everything work till now. Oxygen OS is best in the market nothing will comes to its fludity. Speaker and display was too good. Reaches 100 percent charge within 40 minutes. Overall good killer phone in the market. Here are the best and worstPros:1) Phone look2) Speaker3) Dash charging and Battery (heavy usage-24hrs)4) Phones performance5) Android Pie and more features added6) headset bass was good7) Facelock was very fast even it unlocks in darkCons:1) Back Camera quality2) weight3) nothing much upgrade with OP6\n', "\nI was finally able to convince my father to buy the Oneplus 6T instead of the iPhone 8, X, XS, and XR. It is way cheaper than most iPhones and better. I mean look at the XR. It has a 'liquid retina' display. LUL. It stills says an 'LCD' display on the website. It has a single camera instead of 2 like the X or XS. The screen is better, the phone is faster (not sure if it is faster than iPhones I mean their Bionic chips are really fast), and the battery is good plus it has dash charging which has its side effects to the battery. Plus the screen to body ratio is awesome! With the onscreen fingerprint. Which is slower because of the technology behind it. All in all it is the best Premium Smartphone in the Indian Market.\n", '\nMoving to OnePlus 6t from a budget phone, first of all I noticed a lot of difference in the performance, camera quality, battery life, charging speed, build quality, etc.It has got a fabulous dual camera at the back which takes really good pictures, the primary camera being 16 megapixels and the secondary 20 megapixels.Although the native camera app is good on the phone I recommend using the google pixel camera app as it has the best software processing and it takes better picture overall. The front camera of the phone is also really good which is of 16 megapixels. The phone supports slow motion videos at two levels i.e, 240 fps at 1080p resolution and 480 fps at 720p resolution.Saying about the build quality, it is really good. I had a time of bad luck when I met with a bus accident as the bus(sleeper) toppled and I kept my phone on the seat, the phone was thrown around inside the bus and to my luck nothing happens to my phone although I had an official OnePlus 6t phone case on it.Battery life is really good on this device. It will easily last for a day on heavy usage or even a day and a half with moderate usage. Charging speed is really good. Before I go to college I charge it during the time I get ready and that is enough for the phone till evening.Coming to software oxygen os is really good and snappy although there is some features missing from the stock android operating system although they have better features added to itSaying about heating of the device, I should say it never literally overheats, the only time I found it overheat was when I was using CamScanner for a bit long. Gaming was completely fine as it never overheats during gaming although it gets slightly warm near the camera region which is least bothersome.\n', "\nAfter a day of usage, I AM SATISFIED with my purchase.  Here's my review of the device mainly based on 'Value for Price' (Which cost me ₹31,499 for the 8gb RAM and 128gb storage, midnight black variant during summer sale)• In display fingerprint scanner was decently working, definitely slower than the dedicated  scanner, but won't irritate you. (Can't be used with wet or oily fingers)The face unlock does the job and is furiously fast in the light, but doesn't works in the dark.•Photos from the camera are all over an awesome outcome, with portrait mode working good even in group photos of 6-7 people and not blurring anyone. Though I noticed some overexposure around the edges in one or two pics taken without portrait in daylight. The colors expressed in the photos are undoubtedly good. Clarity of pics is at par.• The 3700 mAh battery would hardly last for 8-9hrs after full charge and regular usage including music, 1-2 hrs of gaming, social media and video streaming. I have to charge it atleast 2 times a day• Battery and Gaming: PUBG works at high graphics by default and is assisted by the Gaming Mode. I started the game at around 96% battery and after 2 squad games with the team finishing at #11 and #2, battery was at 83%. After an hour of YouTube and social media, it was at 75%. So you can estimate the battery performance with it.• My first stock android experience is going beautifully good in this phone and I just love the simple yet the efficient and complete performance.• While gaming my friends experienced a wheezing sound off my mic, when the earphone was plugged in with the help of dongle. The sound vanished when I used the device's mic and speaker, so that was kind of disturbing.So that was my review of the first day, on the maincourse things I did with the phone.All-over, IT IS THE BEST DEVICE IN THIS PRICE RANGE.\n", '\nAwesome phone ..Thank you Amazon for early deliveryI got the phone just after 2 days of ordering..Really impressed by the color..Great speed..Charging is superfast like the OnePlus claimed to beThe device gives a great feel of comfort in you handVery convenient to hold and useSound quality is good, but could have been better with dual speaker on both the sides of the phoneAt the end this is a great package at this price ...\n', "\nI am writing this review after using  one plus 6T for about 2 months. No doubt it is wonderful phone except some drawback which I have noticed.1. Fingerprint sensor is sometimes very slow and you have to use pin to unlock. In comparison to this face unlock is very fast.2. Phone is a bit heavy to carry on pocket or to hold in hand fir long time.3. Camera quality can't be said excellent at this price. Samsung has better quality in camera.4.  Battery life is good and run more than 24 hrs with average usage.5. Overall phone is good, fast and have good features but price is quiet high in comparison to similar phones from its competitors.\n", '\nJust bought oneplus 6t from amazon & i must say phone is too good in the department of screen quality & speed & dash charger is best things among all with high end specs.But in camera department phone needs to improve because in this price range other phone give better camera quality compared to this otherwise oneplus 6t is good choice of weapon instead of Redmi K20 pro because it has no add😜.\n', "\nExcellent phone, only drawback I felt was that the fingerprint reader is somewhat lagging behind as compared to OnePlus 6.Otherwise it's a bang for the buck device at 28K for the 8GB/128GB Model.Camera is awesome, specially the pro mode, 4K recording at 60fps is something really awesome !The face recognition feature is too notch and it definitely doesn't need an IR sensor even for dark rooms, the screen light is sufficient enough and it really functions well.\n", "\nPros still outweigh the cons and minor inconveniences.Pros.1. Great display and best implementation of the notch. This is the only phone where notch can be hid in every single App I have used so far (LG G7 phones notch only hides the lock screen and system pages and not third party apps)2. Brilliant camera. The night mode shots are perfect and way superior than any camera. Even better than most DSLR. However recommended to use trypods to geteven better results.3. Software. Simply can say better than stock Android. Lot of shortcuts, guesturs and customizable options. Buttery smooth and lag free.4. Dash charging. Super fast and power bank has become redudant in my case.Cons.1. No head phones jack. (Why One plus?) I already lost the headphone dongle.2. In display finger print scanner is not that accurate in detection. 30% I find myself redoing it. At the same time it's slow.3. Feels bulky compared to one plus 3I used this phone for 3 weeks now and worked well with international roaming in China & UAE with no call drops and high speed data.Completely recomed this phone ..\n", '\nPoor performance, lots of glitches. Speaker is not very loud. Single driver. No headphone jack makes it more difficult. Screen not good. Low visibility in light. Adaptive brightness performance is quite bad.All this aside, the finger print reader in the screen is bad. Takes many seconds to detect. And most of the time does not work.\n', '\nFinger print has started showing issues after last update from OnePlus. Camera is awesome no complains. There are a lot of bugs and errors we experience while operating the Phone. Its gets Warm after 1&½hrs of PUBG. Also, updates have stopped from OnePlus from last couple of months. Latest update is pathetic. Battery life has changed from 3days to 1day in 6months.\n', "\nOkay I'd like to talk about a few things that nobody else is saying. The battery life is excellent for a flagship phone, about 8 hours of SOT which is more than excellent, also the speaker, though single is loud enough for the noisiest of environments. And the people who think that the new fingerprint scanner is too slow, I received a software update as soon I activated the phone, and after I updated the software, fingerprint scanning was a lot snappier.Overall, great phone in the price range.\n", "\nI'm reviewing after 4 months of usage and so far there is no issue and has been running smooth. Sound quality is great. Battery life can be better but the dash charger charges it pretty fast so it kinda compensates. Clicks awesome photos. Both daylight and Dim light photos are pretty impressive. Fingerprint sensor can be a lil tricky. It doesn't read greasy or sweaty fingers 😄. Overall, I'd give a thumbs up!\n", "\nI've seen people cribbing about how 6T is not worth upgrading to. Well, What they don't say is, it's not worth upgrading if you own a Oneplus 6. Apart from 6, If you own any other smartphone, Its a bang for a buck and a truly amazing experience awaits if you switch. Well, I've upgraded from a 4-year-old Nexus 5 to 6t and boy am I impressed?Build & DesignI was amazed by the truly bezel-less design and an amazing 6.4-inch screen. Fantastic design and build quality. Youtube videos are stunning at HD and if you are a gamer, this is the screen is for you! The notch. It's the best the technology could get close to acheive a bezel-less display. Trust me, It adds to the design and it's not odd at all.SoftwareBetter than stock! Say's the one who's been using stock for 4 years in a Nexus 5. Oxygen just fly. The speed you need!In-display Fingerprint SensorIt's true that the sensor learns your pattern over time. It got super fast over a period of time. I've turned off face unlock. The fingerprint sensor is just way too convenient as it's right where your thumb already is while you operate your phone.CameraI've attached a few sample images. Those are untouched and raw images. The primary camera is probably the best in the market (excluding Pixel). The images are crystal clear. Well, balanced colors. Portraits are great. DSLR quality images right out of our pocket. But pretty disappointed with the nightscape feature. It doesn't do what it's supposed to do.  Other than that, The camera is simply awesome!BatteryI get 26 hours with an average day to day usage on weekdays. Since I use it a bit more heavily on weekends, I get about 22 - 24 hours with a continuous screen time of 6-7 hours. Over and above the dash charger does the rest of the magic. 10 - 100% in just 1 hour.SpeakersThe bottom firing speakers are great for indoor music. But Oneplus could have look at the stereo option for the 6T. A little disappointment there.Overall the 6T is worth every penny you spend. You are getting the best of everything at a reasonable price. The 6T will keep you on trend and updated at least for the next 2 years. Just go for it :)\n", "\nI was using one plus 2 earlier and then switched to one plus 6T. Honestly experience has not been good since getting the phone delivered :1. It's definitely not worth the price.2. In my earlier one plus 2 I could open all types of attachment (word, PPT excel etc.) but in this phone I am not able to open any attachment except PDF as it prompts that I don't have required application to open those attachments. In one plus 2, I didn't download any app to open these attachments.3. I don't find picture and sound quality good. Infact  one plus 2 had better picture quality. Sound is not good if you are playing any music on speaker.4. Battery life is ok. It lasts just for one day and I don't have a heavy talk time usage.5. Screen unlock with fingerprints hangs a lot of time and then it prompts to enter the PIN.Overall,  definitely not a good phone at 42 K price point.\n", '\nI always wanted to have OnePlus phone and when they announced 6T, then I made up my mind that I will buy this phone.I got it without pre-booking offer so no type c bullet earphones. But hats-off to Amazon for the before the time delivery again.Now for phone -1. New in-screen fingerprint sensor - Very slow as compare to normal fingerprint sensor.2. Battery - 3700mAh makes difference and with proper use you can get approx 1 day of charge time.3.  Notch - Tear drop notch is good as compared to other notch sizes and you get more screen size.No major or unknown issue yet discovered, its a good phone in this range.My rating - 9/10\n', "\nThis phone is very good buy,I believe all phones these days face some problem or other and have to be replaced by 1.5 to 2 years .One Plus 6T is a phone if handled carefully it is easily ready for the next 3 years whatever Android update are going to come in market and won't slow down the phone much.Only con for me so far has been the fingerprint ,maybe because my thumb has a scar it is not recognizing the pattern currently but works seemeless for other finger. Front  camera is good for selfies and even in low light situation I have been able to get decent selfies.battery life is pretty good compared to my previous phones and does need charging for full-day  even after high usage.Please be mindful of the apps you use as some apps run in background and drains the battery .If you are ready to spend 30k and are getting a mobile ready for next 3-4 years ,go for it\n", "\nI didn't expected thi from amazon. The set which i have got is defected... Its been 3 months i have order one plus 6T and it hangs alot and it is slow also and camera quality seems like i am clicking picture using a low budget micromax phone. You people just make fool to people. After paying 42000 i regret why i bought this oneplus 6T phone. Worst phone by oneplus and worst service by amazon.\n", '\nDash charging is just awesome.C type to 3.5mm Adapter provided in the box for earphones.Easy gesture settings and user friendly shortcuts and features.Fabulous picture quality.Awesome video experience with enlarged screen.All in all 6T is class.. 😎My bad that i dropped my phone twice since the day i bought it, but thanks to gorilla glass and cover (in the box) from OnePlus, there had been zero damage and no scratch at all😀\n', "\nNot up to the expectation. Too much of hype. Fingerprint scanner is very slow and doesn't work smoothly.I was waiting for it since 2 months, but turned out to be an average phone.\n", "\nVery Disappointed With camera Results... I had using Google Nexus 6P (Huawei made) and it's a far far far better than OP 6T... It's just no comparison between OP 6T and NEXUS 6P...OTHERWISE the Phone has all The Killing Features...If Your First Priority is Camera then don't buy this phone... Very disappointing Results...\n", "\nBy personal experience, I would say this is a great value for money right now. The in display fingerprint sensor is a bit slow... But that doesn't bother me because the face unlock is really really fast. Everything else is flagship worthy. Here are some numbers though, cz u people like numbers...Speed? 10/10 😄Display? 9/10 😃Battery Life? 7/10 🙂Quick Charge? 10/10 😄Fingerprint Reader? 6/10 🤨Face Unlock? 10/10 😀Main Camera? 8/10 😁Selfies? 10/10 😄Gaming experience? 9/10 😀Build Quality? 9/10 😀\n", '\nHave always been a fan of one plus and this particular model ticks all the right boxes.Have been using the 8 GB variant for last couple of months and it still feels new.Battery life is amazing. Easily lasts over 2 days. (Have never played high end games to drain the power).Camera is great and so is the picture quality.\n', '\nVery nice phone as expected from the tech giants.Battery life is good not best I can say despite of increased capacity.It is hell fast and smooth.Camera quality is awesome.Sound is loud and clear.Fingerprint sensor needs a bit improvement.I am  quite satisfied with these phone.Would definitely recommend if u want good processor and performance in this budget.\n', "\nI've always wanted a OnePlus and now I have it. I love the camera, the unparallel speed, the immense battery life and the screen is just mesmerising to look at. I am disappointed at the delay on the fingerprint and the flash of light at night to use the face scan as it is annoying. And I also miss the headphone jack. They do give an adapter and a small card from the CEO (I think) which I thought was nice. The best part is they make sure we know it's a gift and not simply a phone. Would buy again.\n", "\nPROBLEM IN PHONES1 PRICE REDUCTION VERY FAST.2 NEW MODELS VERY FASTSO I SUJEST DONT BUYAll perfect. Best phone. ONE THING ONLY FOR ONE PLUS,I WILL STAY WITH YOUR COMPANY IF NO DOWN PRICE GET COATED, AS IT'S MY HARD EARNED MONEYI LEFT APPLE /I PHONETHANK U\n", '\nI am a first time OnePlus user. Before that I was always a Google fan. But considering their unreachable price this year, I had to look for some other option. And luckily, I have chosen an awesome product! OnePlus 6T is soooo smooth to use! The specs are unbelievable. The battery is big and easily lasts more than a day. But for me the camera is the biggest surprise. It is so much better than my expectations, especially the night mode. Yes, the phone speaker could have been much better as compared to Nexus/Pixel phones. But the Bullets Earphones totally make up for it. And since I got them for free as a pre-book offer, they sound even sweeter 😋.  All in all, keep up the good work OnePlus. Glad to join your family.\n', '\nCalling issuesSience I purchased the device I am feeling like wastage of money.Look not good and the main calling feature is not gud at all, I am facing difficulty on every callIf  anyone want to waste money on camera and sound so they can but for calling you should take an another phone.\n', "\n1ONLY complaint is that the underscreen fingerprint sensore needs to get quicker. 2But not a huge deal when using face unlock.3This truly feels like a flagship!It's blazingly fast,4 Really well built and has a beautiful display. 5Camera is a hard sell but I like the natural look of the pictures.5Batteryis not bad 3700mah battery.\n", '\nI am a OnePlus user since OnePlus2Very stubborn to buy OnePlus all the time and always it meets the expectationPros:1. Excellent Camera Quality2. InDisplay Finger Print3. Night Scape Mode4. Safety Earphone Jack5. Battery Backup6. Amazing performance7. Premium design8. Excellent rear and front cameraCons:1. No option to control ring volume by pressing volume buttons2. Missing 3.5mm earphone Jack (Can Manage with converter provided)3. Need to improve finger print sensor accuracy and can reduce the brightness of icon4. No notification LEDOverall phone is excellent, definitely you will love it... :)\n', "\nNot worth for 33k, I liked my previous Xioami Redmi Note 3 better (which was just 13k that time).  It provided better usability, just-makes-sense default options.  Within a week after I bought the price came down to 28k.  Very unfair (Amazon should've indicated this in the product purchase page).\n", '\nJust bought OP6T on Nov 1st. So far great experience. Just one word AMAZING...The finger print scanner looks great and I kind of like the fancy feel that it provides. The phone operates smooth and the battery back up is bang on!!! With high end usage it lasted 1-1.5 day approx. With minimal usage I could get 2 days out of it. I love the reading mode (kindle app), however not like kindle though..;-).Cons: 3.5 mm audio jack absence is something that you might feel for a while.On the flip side, this trend of removing audio jack is quite catching up if you see in all the recent launches. So, probably this is something futuristic. Overall, great features. Being my first experience with one plus, I must say I loved the experience so far. Will be back with detailed review in the near future...\n', '\nOne plus bhi Samsung ke raste per aa Gaya hai phone ka price launch ke time high rakhta hai aur after 6 months price 14000 to 15000 reduce kar deta hai one plus ka display and camera Samsung ke display and camera ke samne bekar hai and samsung ka software use Karne me thoda premium lagta hai\n', '\nAwesome dual sim phone, excellent speed, always believed one plus can deliver, but after 3 weeks of usage the vibratory function and alert slider not functioning and when in dnd mode or when set for vibration, it is not functioning. Contacted one plus customer care, followed technical support advice, still not resolved, now have to ship it to authorized service center. A little dejected, had no problems with my one plus 3 for 3 years.\n', "\nI am big of one plus ...but it doesn't mean I am giving review because of that ... It is one of the best engineering and good experience. I have used oneplus 1, oneplus 2, oneplus 5 and now oneplus 6t. This phone never disappointed me in any expect. That is why have Suggested all my friends and family to buy oneplus. Now 4 of my frnds use one plus and in my family every one use OnePlus\n", "\nAfter switching from Samsung to OnePlus and using it for 30 days.. the product is amazing in terms of battery.. camera.. sound.. OS.. buttery smooth.. display.. call quality.. everything.. will fulfill your expectations.. BUT.. compared to Samsung's Display I must say Smsung is having way better display to OnePlus in terms of color reproduction and brightness.. and also the build quality for ringer button is not paid enough attention as iPhone did.. and keeping in mind its 6th Gen from OnePlus.. they must have worked on Display, ringer and also VIBRATION MOTOR (Haptic Feedback).. Overall product is Awesome for current price (27,999/-) and would like to see few improvements from OnePlus in near future..\n", "\nOne of the best phone purchased till date. I'm in love with the Samsung m30, especially because its a budget phone and provides so many great features. Talking about the battery life - It runs for almost 2 days with heavy usage especially when I play my favourite Pubg game. It doesn't even lag either which in return enhances my gaming experiance. I love streaming HD videos on Netflix and the clarity is phenominal. Talking about the camera, it captures beautiful images which can be easily compared to photos clicked on DSLR. The charcoal colour which I picked is the best and it has 64GB memory inbuild which helps me store all photos and videos. It's a great buy for everyone and I love it.\n", '\nWell managed phone with Big battery life and sound quality.Picture quality is some time not up to mark.After using one month I am reviewing this phone on the performance.Battery Life is one day with 50 minutes of charging.Network quality is awesome.Sound is thunder.Killing Speed of phone.No lagging in apps.Please go for it if you are thinking of purchasing premium Phone.\n', "\nI just bought the phone after reading reviews of other users of it and as per first impressions I found the device very impressive. It's fast. It's clean having oxygen os which is lighter than any other skins. It's on screen time is coming around 6 hrs with heavy usage of watching high res video n playing normal games. Camera department I can't say much after jus 2 days it gives ok pics not impressive as Samsung flagships which I have used earlier. More r less it's best phone in it's budget. Will update the review once I use it for long time.\n", "\nThis was for my brother. He absolutely loves it. It's exactly like the one plus 6. Just the difference is the screen is bigger and also finger print detector is on the screen. The rest is all the same. Amazing battery, space, picture qualities. All a big plus👌😉\n", "\nA Perfect Value for money phone.128GB ROM and 8GB RAM and a Superfast OS and a Butter smooth User Interface!What more do you want? Amazon delivered it in 2days to me. I am super happy with this device!The phone gives you a premium feel when you hold it. I was an apple fan. But Oneplus rules my heart now.3.5mm Headphone Jack missing but they have also provided the Dongle along. You can't really complain because instead, now they have increased the battery.\n", '\nThe fingerprint sensor doesnot work half of the time but the prompt face unlock does the job everytime even in low light conditions. Overall the phone is superb.I was a bit apprehensive on buying it since the last model but i am glad that i made this choice.Kudos to amazon for delivering the product within 24 hrs.I just fell in love with this peice of technology.\n', "\nI have been using this phone from a month and below are my findings (note :I also use a iPhone Max)Performance : Just two words 'TOP NOTCH', the phone is a beast and take anything thrown at if with subtle ease,on par with iPhone Max in performance, I feel that at the moment it is one of very few phones which can match IOS kind of performance.Operating system: The best sometimes better that the stock you get what is required and you keep on adding what you need, the few additional customisation options is what set's this phone apart from stock and that is excellent in my opinion.Camera: It's very good and sometimes give my iPhone run for its money only gripe is the audio out put in video recordings from front camera. Add a Google camera port to this phone and you can be assured of the best results on 99% times. Scope of improvement in low light photos.Battery life : Excellent however you abuse the phone it will get you through the day also do not forget that it comes with an excellent charging option that juices up your phone to 50% by the time you finish your snack.😊Sound : sound is loud but not as good as iPhone or note 9 but will never let you down, ringtones are loud and clear which was issue is old one plus phones, out put from headphones is decent.Overall worth every penny you spent go for it you will not regret your decision and Thanks to one plus team for giving us an excellent all around product you guys really listen to customers..and keep up the good work ....\n", "\nLoving the new phone. Great product. Super smooth performance and fantastic battery life (ensures that type c port is mostly available for earphones. Im not missing 3.5mm jack).But would like to bring Oneplus's attention to the following concerns:1) Finger print sensor is great novelty tech but amature performance. Works well when it does but on most occasions, it is far from fluid. Quite inconsistent and erratic. Btw, using oneplus screen protector only. So no excuses (Rating 2/5)2) the camera quality could have certainly been better. One can manage great shots, but not regularly. Nightmode is definitely a gimmick. (3.25/5)3) wallpapers on lockscreen have a green tinge. Please fix it through a software update.4) screen is beautiful but auto brightness adjustment sucks. It can be very inaccurate and not smooth. Very annoying.5) No headphones are provided with the phone! Not cool.Despite the above, I am quite satisfied with this phone. Would recommend to anyone who does not have small hands to hold the big sized phone. Dont get me wrong, it looks and feels quite sleek.\n", '\nFast processer.Fingerprint scanner is ok.Battery life is good.Camera quality should be better for this price point.samsung s7 edge or s7 camera is too good as compare to one plus 6t.Display is full hd no she so display is also not good.\n', '\nWhat an amazing phone.  I have used iphone for years but the experience of this phone is simply awesome.What i loved :1) Speed2) Design3) OS4) Usability5) Brilliant CameraI think for 44k it is a steal as compared with Iphone XS Max.\n', '\nWorst experience.. facing heating problems for gaming more than 20 mins in A.C room .I bought it for 32999 .I cancelled Nokia 8.1 and bought this one .I am suffering for that.Not like 8GB ram.. some games hangingJust used to keep for camera performance and attending calls..Voice is clear on attending calls..High SAR values..\n', "\nAmazing phone I am using it for almost a year still the phone haven't given any issues.You can trust one plus till date their products didn't give any issues as far as my knowledge .Battery life goodFast charging amazingBest phone for the best priceCamera quality amazingDisplay amazingIf u really need a phone and use it for a long time go ahead buy this productOne plus has only been statisfying customer needs as far as my knowledge.\n", '\nI work in corporate world, so accordingly my mobile usage are. Whole day calls, Emails, chats. For traveling Mapes, Uber, paytm... Office documents PPT.. DATA sharing ... One drive access n lot.. but this mobile dose every thing very well included loud volume videos n songs n whole lot of battery life.🔋🔋🔋🔋🔋\n', "\nI like only the front finger sensor and classy looks and size of the phone. It's picture quality is good not extraordinary, sound/music speaker seems average.... battery life is not at all good...once it's audio was not working at all, was forced to re-start my.. battery got drained during one full day outing. First time bought such an expensive phone, just for the speed, but it's just an average phone! Feeling disappointed to pay so much and get this phone :(\n", '\nThe phone is really great and have some lot of intresting features.Pros:The dash charging has a jaw dropping speed.The face unlock is also quiet fast.Android Pie + Oxygen Os makes the phone smooth and easy to use.Cons:The Screen is a fingerprint magnet.The brightness is not quiet bright.The battery life may not be enough for a gamer.There are some issues with the calls.As it is filled with weird sounds.\n', "\nI have been using the device and it's super snappy... The night mode in camera does a decent job since some photos were not as good as the others clicked in the night mode. The onscreen fingerprint sensor is ok. Not as fast as the physical one. Overall it's a superb product. Any who doesn't have OP6 and planning to buy a mobile should definitely consider this one.\n", '\nEverything is great after using 1 week. Fingerprint reader is very poor which can be solve by face scanner. anyway if you want updated fingerprint scanner then go for One+ 7, other than that everything is same what I feel. Will update again after using for few days.\n', "\nFinger print sensor is not that great... Camera quality is good.. Overall build quality is good. It's just few months old and Expect to use this mobile for more than couple of years. If the mobile is not long lasting then it's not worth the price as you get similar config at lesser price\n", "\nI have ordered OnePlus 6T on 1st Nov and received it on 2nd Nov, so it's a month now and I think I can give my review about this phone. I was previously using MiA1 from Xiaomi. I was ready to invest 42K for this phone as I was aware of what I am getting into, this phone is worth 42K.The processor, the RAM, storage, battery, display, camera, OxygenOS, dash charging, under display finger print scanner, oneplus support and service are all top notch.I have no complaints about a missing audio jack, trust me it is not a big deal and eventually every other phone maker is going to skip it. The absence of wireless charging is also not an issue for me personally.I have received 3 OxygenOS updates and after each update the speed of under display finger print unlock is enhancing and getting better.This is a great phone as every other OnePlus Device.\n", '\nI brought it in Oct 2018. It works nice. Performance is great looks also superb.I installed multiple apps and applied wallpapers and themes and used hotspot throughout the day still battery works good and able to be available till end of the day.cons:i face only one problems till now.Only once the display got off and then i need to restart the phone.cannot remove battery so i restarted using screen by assuming the position of power off button.once started display came back. Not sure why it happened ?? may be because it got dropped once on ground.\n', '\nAmazing phone. This is my 1st oneplus phone and I am really happy with it after using it for almost 20 days now.Rear camera is excellent and clicks with portrait mode come out very good.Oxygen OS seema to be very smooth and its almost like stock android.Screen quality is awesome too.Device unlocks very fast with face unlock and even in screen fingerprint scanner is very good.\n', "\nObivously the Oneplus 6T is an amazing phone and the FREE next day delivery just made my Day. But The ANNOYING part is I ordered a MIDNIGHT BLACK variant but got a THUNDER PURPLE variant. I do accept that I like thunder purple but Midnight black is what I preferred. and the package details also mention it as Midnight black. I didn't want to return the product as it is a time taking process. Anyways not denying the fact that it is an AMAZING PHONE, AMAZON should Double check the product details before delivery.\n", '\nOnly problem I had was that I believe I received a 2-3 days used product.! After the first boot and set up when I opened google chrome it already had cache memory and websites like "royalenfield.com" & "inverse.com" had already been opened in chrome. Also, after the first boot the home screen didn\'t have the stock oneplus wallpaper but instead had a samsung\'s stock wallpaper.\n', '\nBeen using since 3 days. This mobile is very awesome. But.... The finger print sensor is not as satisfying compared to the normal ones. It takes some time, but in only micro seconds. The face unlock is awesome, even at dim lighting.\n', "\nAfter almost one month of use.1. Battery life is the best feature, easily 2 days phone if you are moderate user.2. Oxygen OS - its just fluid. No lags.3. Even though it's only having one speaker, it's loud and clear. (stereo speakers would have been better)4. Picture quality is decent. Not the best.5. Overall - Built quality is good and feel of the phone is good.I will recommend.\n", "\nIt's a do anything phone according to me. Photos , sound , display and many things. You ask it it will do it in speed of course. One thing that's really good about it is the charging speed and also don't have any complains about the batter life for my mediocre use it comes for a whole day and under heavy use till evening without any issue (is this what I have experienced from my use )Real good product wanna keep your phone for 2 year or so you can buy this without any second thought, because of it's fast processor, good batter, more than enough ram for whatever you want to do, and OnePlus software update , almost next to stalk Android with some add-on feature\n", '\nMy last phone was iPhone 6s, and I assumed it would take me a while to get used to the new phone with different Operating system. But it is so amazing and user friendly. I said I love the phone as soon as I started using it. the picture quality is amazing & the voice quality is so much better than iPhone, the speaker is much much better than iPhone and the battery life is the best. In Love with dash Charger. Thank you one plus for making it so affordable and yet so awesome.\n', '\nI was skeptical to change me bile brand due to easy sync of data between same brands sets.However, OnePlus switch apps made it in just one click. Impressed the though process but behind it.Moreover, the hardware be ram or space, no mobile in offering at this price.Camera is awesome and it night mode will really amazed you.Phone is bit bulk as compared to samsum or iPhone models however it ok to have such features with little extra weight.\n', '\nBattery life and speed of this phone are amazing. Picture quality is also very good, but picture quality at night is the only drawback with this phone. They have added Nightvision to the camera which is awesome, but even with that the noise in other picture modes at night is a concern. Again, the speed is just mind blowing and screen qualiy is sweet.\n', "\nSince I have been iOS user. It slows down while operating simple application like Myntra and all. Camera quality is poor. Doesn't click normal picture sensor doesn't work really well. I doubt it has 8gb ram as it works slow.There is no match with iOS.\n", "\nThe handset is superb and awesome. But I've some concerns with the price. I've seen a price reduction of around 4k in the immediate week after I bought this mobile (Not even 10 days). I spoke with Amazon CC and also wrote to seller. Seller says to Contact Amazon CC and Amazon says it entirely depends on seller. Whatever it is, this immediate change in price has ruined my day. :(\n", '\nI have been this phone for more than six momths.i had faced charging not working properly within 3mnths when i checked with 1+store there is no water resistqnce and charger port was not working and they charged me 750 bucks to repair and now again within 3months after changing i am facing the same problem.worst service and all these are not covered in warrenty also.check before getting this mobile.\n', "\nGreat phone at affordable prices. I am an iPhone user switched back to android after 4 long years. Phone is great in terms of speed. However, app stability is not as impressive as iOS.  Doesn't hang like previous version of Androids and OS is smooth as butter.\n", '\nNo doubt the most awaited phone with all features.Pros:CameraBattery- Lasts easily for 28-30hrs with data ON all time.Display: No match , simply the best.Cons:-First day, I saw heating issue, but post the update a day later to the launch it seemed Normal.- BIGGEST DEMERIT: The OnePlus logo is not at all visible in Midnight Black version. Designers should have given a thought before bringing this color.\n', '\nI was using oneplus 3 and now I purchased one plus 6T, but I am not satisfied with the product compared to oneplus 3 also though 6T has lots of extra features.Fingerprint sensor is not working correctly all the time.Battery life is also not good.Even mobile is also working slow and hangs sometime though I purchased just before 10 days.If company tells me to return the same and refund the amount, I will do that also.\n', '\nThis Phone is like a dream phone. Its a bit heavy on the price but damn is it worth it. I had used a OnePlus 3 earlier and i found this is a worthy upgrade. The new bigger battery can last an entire day with still 20% juice left in it. The indisplay fingerprint sensor is upto mark though not that quick with the traditional one, but it sure does the job efficiently.\n', '\nExpected a lot from One Plus team being already a One plus user. The product is quite good in Handling and Appearance. The camera quality is good. Accessories included in the Kit misses a major things Like Earphone (Although its mentioned) but it should have been included with the phone to increase the product satisfaction. Fingerprint sensor, sometimes troubles a lot in unlocking the device. The phone performance with 8 GB RAM is superb in processing videos, content copying and editing. But randomly the phone hangs in usage of normal applications like facebook, instagram or youtube.\n', '\nI have bought NEXUS 4 in 2013 then bought this phone now feeling very proudly.No Cons;Pros;ultimate battery backup with AMOLED screenBest night mode cameraBest body structure\n', "\nThis is my 4th OnePlus product and my god this is a beast. The large battery life breezes through the day with heavy usage and still retains to have 20 odd percent at the end. I'm disappointed with the single firing speaker's sound quality I expected the T variant to have stereo sound like other flagships. The picture quality is absolutely amazing but I'm eager to see technological advancement in this field.\n", "\nIt's an awesome fones guys ..trust me..I bought it for 28000...ie on a 14000 off..woww..8gb ram 128 storage is enough to keep someone satisfied and the snapdragon 845 adds to itCamera is good... slow motion videos are great but in low light it sucks.. battery life is not an issue..it lasts good..and charges back quickly thanks to the dash charger..updates are being given timely...gaming is amazing on this fone...if Amazon plans to sell it again..101% go for it\n", '\nAwesome phone midnight black looks more beautiful\n', '\nAwesome product and working awesome till date happy to be proud owner of OnePlus from the OnePlus 1...This phone seems to be working as advertised without any lag and really happy with it\n', "\nFinger print reader is slow and doesn't work sometimes .It uses usb 2.0 very slow copy speeds.When ever using finger print screen automatically turns off night mode. This is irretating at night time.Other than these all good.\n", "\nSpeed unlocked.. Damn why should I have an iPhone ? I got OnePlus for speed...  Yes camera is average camera but you can't convince me that you get the depth quality of a DSLR in any mobile phones. After using the 4K video mode I forgot the camera... Expecting wide range of wired head phones for it....\n", "\nMy 6t fell from 2nd floor facing the display floor side, to the surprise the screen didn't even get a single scratch.. Rest are - Design is good, smooth performance, camera quality is fine, battery life is also good enough but Finger print reader is not good at all, it doesn't work most of the time..\n", "\nIt's been 3 years, Extremely good and no problem yet. Ready to go with next upgraded one if I plan to take. Very good one and value to money.\n", "\nBuild and looks are great.The fingerprint reader works really well.Battery life lasts for around a day of use (I'm somewhat of a heavy user so screen time is quite a lot. I don't game, though.) I charge in the morning around 10, and next day at 10, I still have around 25% left.Camera is excellent.No lags until now.\n", "\nFinally it's here!! I order it on Nov 1st 12.01AM and got it on Nov 2nd. I have been constantly waiting for this mobile. I don't like fingerprint sensor on back and the notch display and this is the main reason I didn't buy OnePlus 6... This mobile has met my expectations. Camera quality is soo good, battery is performing well along with Oxygen OS. Simply the best Android mobile in current generation.\n", '\nScreen quality is low in Outdoors.While locking mobile we have to press right side key, where most of the times rockr down key is also pressed unknowingly as we have to handle mobile in single hand and screenshot is taken.Rocker keys make no difference in sound from low to till we reach to maximum sound.\n', "\nThis is my fourth mobile device from OnePlus and I don't know if there is anything that can be termed as it con's. There are all pro's ..be it's Camera that's just more than anything else or battery life and world's fastest dash charging technology.  This product is a star itself so can't be rated in only 5stars\n", '\nI bought 8gb-128gb variant at ~33k on offer, and all I can say is a true value for money smart phone, camera is decent, finger print reader is not fast enough compared to previous models but facial recognition works like a charm. No lag at all whatsoever. Battery life is good not excellent but thanks to the dash charging.\n', '\nWell, the package received was in good condition. Only problem was that the delivery person was so much in hurry and was not ready for 5 minutes. Though I received sms regarding the delivery on 5th May, time was not sure. I just got a call 5 minutes before its delivery from the delivery person. I was about to go out. I expect call to be received atleast  half an hour before its expected delivery. Rest was fine.\n', "\nThe phone is great and really fast. Camera is great as well. Have some issues with fingerprint sensor as it doesn't work a lot of times. But when coupled with face detection as well, it works like a charm.All in all happy with my first OnePlus. And now I know why it has a brand loyalty rivalling apple's.\n", '\nOneplus has always delivered a notch experience and this phone is no less.Battery: I got a full day with 20% left with a fair usage.Display: I would say a key feature, quality is absolutely amazing.Performance: SoC 845 gives out a completely overwhelming experience.\n', '\nUsing after one week i write the feedback, the most wonderful device i have used ever in my smartphone life. Battery performance is awesome. The camera also perfect and delightful in nightscape. Fingerprint sensor works very well. No lagging in that fingerprint scanner. Over all best performance. Without any doubt just go for it.\n', "\nI've been an iOS user for quite sometime and wanted to try something else and I have to say the facial recognition of the 6t is absolutely mind boggling and camera quality is really up there. My delivery came a week ahead of time and is quite pleased with the overall packaging and maintaice of it.\n", '\nGood quality phone , camera quality is good,dash charging is awesome ,cover provided by OnePlus is awesome. Speed is good ,phone do not hang , I played asphalt 9 very smoothly,no heating , network strength catching strength ,dual 4G .\n', '\nphone was good but after i am buying it 2 week later price cut now available at lower price. if you planning to buy oneplus Device than buy after new phone launch and buy it within month.\n', "\nAmazing phone. Lightning fast. You won't regret buying a One plus. I was worr e about picture quality but it's amazing. I've added a couple of pictures with no filter above. Super fast connections. Tickmark on all aspects.\n", "\nIt's my 1st one plus phone, I like this phone very much. It's display is very sharp, hardware is very powerful. Overall it's satisfying in all aspects. But one concern I have while taking low light(night) photo it's taking more time then expected I don't know it's fault in my device or software bugs & when taking slow motion video captured video is not stable ( like I had joint two video together). Overall best smartphone.\n", '\nI have been HTC user for past 5 years. Compared to it, 6t has a good build quality. But when I use JBL headphones in 6t, it does not sound as good as HTC. Used multiple apps for it. Got best output from Amazon Music but not that great. Also, this phone is not at all for one hand operation, no matter which navigation option you use. Other than that, this phone is a Gem! Worth the money.\n', '\n1. Fast2. Good picture quality3. Smooth UI4. On screen fingerprint readerCons:1. Fingerprint reader is slower than face unlock2. ONLY good picture quality, not best3. Prone to finger smudges\n', "\nFor new users who think battery is draining quickly...just use it for 2 to 3 days it adapts to ur use and u could see significant rise in battery life. And yes after a full charge u may notice battery level dropping down quickly that you expected...it's slows battery drain completely once u reach 60%. Overall it's a awesome phone just give it a bit time to adapt.\n", "\nI like phones with smaller form factor, easy to keep in pocket. But today's phone market is about large phones, so took the plunge. Oneplus 6t is one helluva phone. Would recommend to everyone.\n", '\nThis is my 1st one plus phone and its so impressive in all aspects. Have been looking for this one plus mobile since its one plus one launch..finally bought it on 1st nov 12am ;-) awesome mobile with excellent battery backup..camera and fingerprint are too good. Loved it!\n', '\nAmazon it as per the due delivery date packing of the phone was good .. and phone is too awesome oneplus has really made the wonderful product .. camera , battery life is too good its almost two weeks over i using this phone ........\n', '\nUnfortunately phone performance is outstandingBut durability and steadiness is questionableMy phone fell from hand once and all the screen just got cracked into piecesIt was not only limited to this but the back body also got completely cracked and into piecesIs this the quality given by a world class company\n', '\nBetter became the bestEverything is fine and neat but the camera department on the whole should have been improve Avg Camera and its not worth a upgrade from 6 or even from a 5t.Battery in this is beast nearly 7 hr 30min screen on tym since first charge that tok till 96% oly I charged.\n', '\nThis is my first premium phone after getting so many recommendations i purchased this. Though this is my first premium phone i had a lot of experience of premium mobiles. I liked this very much. It has h very vibrant large display. Writing this review after2 months, this phone is overall very good except the battery life. It takes 40-50 min to charge fully and drains very fastly in comparison to others one plus phones. Not happy with this  issue.\n', '\nCamera is good except panorama mode. No heating in normal use. Fast charging. Finger print sensor is good. Good screen. Overall OP6T is a nice product.\n', '\nThe picture quality is really good, the size of the screen is impressive, the processor speed is fast and hence no lag or freezing. Only issue is it is slightly heavy, but I can live with that.\n', '\nRead all the reviews and i bought this machine (unlocking the speed )that my fat. Selfie worst in the segment even  my Note 5 pro and Moto x4 making better selfies.Phone is heating like anything while in the game mode.Thanks for this wonderful phone for oneplus!! Its like a optical illusion.Anyone agreed !!!!\n', '\nWhile purchasing mobile it shows it’s water resistant but few drops fell down to the mobile it stopped working later I went to service centre they said we can’t Reperair in warranty later I asked them to repair that I’ll pay the money but they said will charge 32k for repair I don’t want to do with this coz 2 months only over for this mobile they are not taking for repair.\n', "\nThis is an amazing phone. I'm just loving it.Pros:The battery life is great, on normal use (few hours Youtube, few hours music, few hours game) it runs for more than a day. The touch is smooth. Display is phenomenal. Camera is also great.Cons:The fingerprint scanner is a bit slow and sometimes needs multiple attempts.\n", "\nThe absolute beast and value for money means OnePlus 6T. Phone w/ such specifications within this price range is a super savior. I have been using this phone since 3rd Jan and it's 21st Jan still all going smooth. Usually I'm a rough user w/ the phones.\n", '\nI have been using this device from November 2018 and I must say that nothing beats OnePlus in terms of software update, software experience in terms of performance, Camera is pretty good(Manual mode is there for pros) , Battery lasts for 1.5 days with daily usage(YouTube, IM , Photography).\n', "\nAgain best from oneplus. Highly recommended if upgrading from oneplus 3t or 5. But I think its not worth upgrading if you are using Oneplus 6.Its been 20 days I'm using the 6T no problems at all.\n", '\nJust AMAZING. You cannot go wrong with this phone. It is lightning fast. The gesture navigation is comparable to apple. I have never used an android phone as smooth as this one.The camera is also great but I have seen improvement in camera quality using the Pixel Camera App on OnePlus 6T.Sound is Okay.Only downside of this phone is the lack of Headphone jack but that is fine.Overall I am very satisfied with this phone and would definitely recommend it.\n', '\nAmazing hardware and very active and helpful community. This is definitely higher bar in terms of hardware compared to samsung. I wonder how will I turn to other brands due to Dashcharge and such light weight Oxygen OS.\n', '\nWell one plus 6t is great and only flaw that I found is camera in dark lightings ...when the whole hype was about the camera and phone performance I thought they could have come up with a better camera performance in low lightings ....apart from that phone is great ....good to hold ...great to look ....best to buy phone .....\n', '\n8gb Ram is the best thing in the phonei found finger print scanner have some glitch in it.camera works at its bestbattery as said fast charging, i kept phone for charge at 5% it took 1.5 hrs to full charge the phoneBattery works best, is a life saverface unlock doesnt work in nightphone functions smoothly, better than iphone as i am a iphone customer too.few functions like pocket mode and all i liked it.speakers are not that great\n', "\nOnePlus camera is brilliant. It captures the picture the way you want. Its speakers are also loud enough that you won't miss a call. Its battery life is also good. But on gaming with it, the battery drains a bit faster. 'Unlock the speed' tittle suits 6t very well. The high graphics games runs smoothly. The video quality is so good that Pubg looks like GTA5. I don't see anything much to dislike about the device. Moreover I'm in love with my 6t\n", '\nHands on experience is like i never used phone like oneplus..when i received the phone and unbox the box i feel that this phone and overall packaging is awesome... software experience is mind blowing.. speed is truly fabulous... camera quality is super.. oneplus is trusted brand now... overall i am satisfied with my purchase and i recommend to others also\n', '\nI have been using apple from last 10 years and was never be plan to move to Android. However one plus has changed my perception and finally moved to Android. I thought would be difficult to switch from iOS to Android but one plus did gets me into it so smoothly and Hessel free.. loving it one plus\n', '\nThe mobile is fantastic. Unbeatable performance. Value for money.This model is no more unipiece. And also not aluminium back. That is disappointing. And for me most converting fact is price drop of 14k in 6 months. Really ridiculous.\n', '\nAbsolutely stunned by the optic amoled touchscreen. The night mode and adaptive brightness is amazing. Sound quality is better as compared to earlier one plus series. The new striking feature finger print sensor and that too in built , one plus just nailed it !Tried my hand first time on one plus smartphones and highly impressed with it.\n', '\nI got the phone a month before and everything other than battery is working good.I was waiting for the updates, but even after the update, the performance is worst.The battery will be completely discharged within 8 hours from 100% to 0.Hope amazon will help me replace the phone at the earliest.\n', "\nPros:-fingerprint sensor works wellUp-to-date,OSFast Charge is still greatSleek, premium designGreat performanceGreat battery lifeCons:-Camera's Nightscape mode needs workPoor audio capabilities\n", "\nThe phone is extremely attractive and is packed with a whole lot of features. The in-screen finger print reader is quite good, even though the technology is pretty new.I loved the notch design on this phone. It looks sleek, smooth and next-gen.Phone feels great in hand. I haven't found any issues so far (1 week).\n", "\nProduct, zero out of 10Don't buy 6TFor all oneplus user don't move from oneplus 5 or 5T to 6T\n", "\nVery good for the price. I'm someone who usually buys the best best flagship available, however this time due to budget concerns I settled on the OnePlus 6T. Camera isn't great, but for this price it's a worthy tradeoff. Love the speed of the device and will be sure to buy only OnePlus phones in the future.By far the best thing about the device is the speed with which it charges. I never have to worry about low battery again.\n", '\nExcellent as expected. This is my first OnePlus phone. After using it for 14 days now I can say that the phone is really awesome. Oxygen OS is really good and smooth. Brilliant display. Good battery life. Good camera. Excellent built qaulity.One more thing I liked is the OnePlus community.You can really go for OnePlus phones.\n', '\nIt is my first experience in OnePlus mobile but after using so many days  i m big fan of OnePlus mobile....OnePlus 6t is one of the best budget phone under 43k nd camera , ram management nd battery life are super 😁😁😁😁😁For my experience it best mobile so guys buy it without any doubt u really enjoy 😊\n', '\nExcellent mobile phone and good camera and performance.But there is no headphone along with the item. This is very very disappointing.OnePlus should consider including headphone in the mobile.If they provide us the headphone separately it will be very grateful\n', "\nFingerprint sensor is the only thing that is somewhat ok but other than that this device is an absolute beast.Superfast charging speed, excellent battery life, and extremely smooth performance that's what i wanted and i got absolutely those specs\n", '\nOne of the best phones to have. Fingerprint reader is laggy sometime, But face unlock is awesome, twice as fast. One plus still needs to work on thier camera details. Battery is decent gives a good 4.5 hrs SOT with heavy usage. Would surely recommend.\n', '\nI think one of best phone till date in flagship range.Just amazing, this is my first oneplus phone, i totally impressed 👌👌Camera -8/10Bettry- 10/10Performance-10/10Design -9/10\n']